The two American League Division Series got an off-day after Game 1, giving the teams a chance to get their pitching staffs back in order without having to get on a plane.
                        That changes the calculus for these series and the way each manager can deploy his bullpen. For as
CLEVELAND -- There’s a cautious optimism in the Guardians’ clubhouse.
                        The confidence has been there all season, and it won’t go away anytime soon. It was boosted to another level after Cleveland took a 7-0 win over the Tigers in Game 1 of the American League Division Series on Saturday
LOS ANGELES -- With their season on the line, the entirety of the Padres roster found itself huddled in the visiting dugout at Dodger Stadium prior to the eighth inning Sunday night. Manny Machado had called an impromptu meeting.
LOS ANGELES -- We were reminded on Sunday night that the Dodgers-Padres rivalry isn't merely geographical and intradivisional. It's also filled with a history of mutual dislike.
                        That all, predictably, bubbled to the surface at Dodger Stadium during the Padres’ 10-2 victory in Game 2 of the National League Division
NEW YORK -- There was a moment late in Saturday’s see-saw American League Division Series opener when Yankees manager Aaron Boone felt a tap on his shoulder, glancing to find Anthony Rizzo by his side.
                        Unable to play due to a couple of fractured fingers on his right hand, the
Major League Baseball announced on Monday that it has approved a roster substitution for the Cleveland Guardians due to a left oblique strain sustained by outfielder Tyler Freeman during a simulated game.
Who was the best offensive player in each league during the regular season?
                        That is the criteria for choosing the annual winners of the Hank Aaron Award. The award was established in 1999 to mark the 25th anniversary of Aaron breaking Babe Ruth's all-time career home run record, and the
LOS ANGELES -- Everybody at Dodger Stadium thought Mookie Betts hit a game-tying solo home run in the bottom of the first inning of Sunday's 10-2 Dodgers loss in Game 2 of the National League Division Series vs. the Padres.
                        That is … everybody but Padres left fielder Jurickson Profar,
Slimmed down and refreshed from a year in retirement from managing, Terry Francona didn't know if he wanted to do the job again.
                        In need of a new skipper, the Reds didn't know if they could get Francona to join the club.
                        Both sides got their answers rather quickly once
CLEVELAND -- Walk by Matthew Boyd’s locker, and something stands out: Gloves. Lots and lots of gloves.
                        “I’ve got a collection,” the Guardians left-hander said. “Added a red one this year.”
It was time to get a better look at it.
                        We head out of Hotel Miyako, past the swarms of Dodger fans -- mostly wearing that famous No. 17 -- and walk up First Street. There's a buzz about baseball in the air with the Padres in town for a
LOS ANGELES -- Never in the four seasons since Yu Darvish was acquired by San Diego have the Padres needed him quite as much as they needed him Sunday night.
PHILADELPHIA – Nick Castellanos experienced the greatest feelings in the world on Sunday night at Citizens Bank Park.
                        He might have saved the Phillies’ season, hitting a walk-off single to left field to score Trea Turner from second base in a 7-6 victory over the Mets in Game 2 of
October baseball returns to Citi Field late Tuesday afternoon, when what has been a rousing Mets-Phillies matchup after two games arrives in Queens for Game 3 of the National League Division Series. There hasn’t been a lot of postseason baseball at Citi Field since the place opened in April of
LOS ANGELES -- Freddie Freeman's efforts to play through a right ankle sprain were characteristic of the grittiness that his team has made a point of bringing to the field this postseason, but the Dodgers' star first baseman could only push the situation so far.
PHILADELPHIA -- Bryson Stott had never really thought about what it'd be like to play a postseason game on his birthday.
                        Sure, with an Oct. 6 birthday, the idea had obviously crept into his mind -- especially with the Phillies' success over the past few seasons -- but it had
PHILADELPHIA -- Mark Vientos struggled in 2023. He didn’t make the Mets’ 2024 Opening Day roster in March. And he didn’t stick in the big leagues until after he played 31 games in Triple-A to start the season.
LOS ANGELES -- Behind a star-studded lineup and one of the strongest bullpens in the Majors, the Dodgers were able to overcome their starting pitching issues in Game 1 of the National League Division Series on Saturday night.
                        But at some point, in order for the Dodgers to accomplish their
NEW YORK – From the first day Juan Soto set foot in the Yankee Stadium outfield, dressed neck to ankles in pinstripes, the season has become an absolute lovefest for the celebrated slugger. His every line drive, throw or shuffle has prompted cheers from a crowd that simultaneously adores his
NEW YORK -- Lucas Erceg has switched gloves since joining the Royals at the Trade Deadline this year, opting for a darker blue glove with the KC logo of his new team, the one which has him pitching in the biggest moments of October as its best reliever.
                        The date
Jurickson Profar's home run-robbing snag on Sunday in Game 2 of the National League Division Series was special -- and not just because of Profar’s stadium-fooling fakeout afterward.
                        The Padres' outfielder joined a small group of players with something pretty cool on their resume: a home run robbery in the
PHILADELPHIA -- For Mets manager Carlos Mendoza, one of the most important conversations of each day is the one with his closer. For five and a half months, the Mets treated Edwin Díaz carefully, not wanting to overtax his surgically repaired right knee nor his golden right arm. That changed
NEW YORK -- Without the snarl or the physique that creates an intimidation factor for many closers, Luke Weaver almost looked like he could have been blown off the Yankee Stadium mound by a medium-sized gust of wind when he stepped in for his postseason debut at the age of
PHILADELPHIA -- Earlier this week, Jeff McNeil was in bed with his wife, Tatiana, in a California hospital room as the couple waited for their second child to arrive. In the ninth inning of a two-run game in Milwaukee, Pete Alonso came to the plate with two men on base.
PHILADELPHIA – Last postseason, Phillies manager Rob Thomson hung with several hitters despite their struggles.
                        He wanted to show faith. He did not want to show panic.