Enter your two-letter prefix followed by the hologram number. Example: CV123456
Off-duty law enforcement officers working as independent contractors are assigned by Authenticators, Inc. to authenticate autographs and game-used memorabilia at every Major League Baseball game. Only those items that an authenticator actually witnesses being signed or used in a game may be eligible for authentication under the MLB Authentication Program. Once witnessed, authenticated items receive a tamper-proof hologram created by OpSec, U.S. with a unique alphanumeric combination to easily identify their authenticity.
The Major League Baseball Authentication Program is the most comprehensive league-wide memorabilia authentication initiative in professional sports. Since its launch in 2001, it has become the industry standard for autographed and game-used sports memorabilia authentication. Designed to distinguish officially authenticated MLB memorabilia from other items on the market, the program offers an objective third-party authentication system that guarantees genuine memorabilia for all MLB fans.
Major League Baseball Properties schedules third-party authenticators from Authenticators, Inc. for every MLB game. Only those items that an authenticator actually witnesses being signed or used in a game may be eligible for authentication under the MLB Authentication Program. Once witnessed, items receive a tamper-proof hologram created by OpSec, U.S. with a unique alphanumeric combination to easily identify its authenticity.
Authenticated items are offered to key retail partners of Major League Baseball Properties or on MLB.com. Fans can easily distinguish officially authenticated MLB memorabilia from other items by locating the official authentication hologram.
Once fans receive their authenticated piece of memorabilia, they can trace the unique serial number on the Authentication database located on MLB.com. This convenient reference database enables fans to easily identify all of the details surrounding their new item. Since its inception in 2001, the Major League Baseball Authentication Program is responsible for authenticating over six million items, allowing fans to ensure their memorabilia is a 100% genuine piece of their favorite pastime. It's easy to get the real goods; just check for the official seal of authentication.
In this period, Deloitte & Touche was solely responsible for the authentication of all items authenticated under the auspices of the MLB Authentication Program.
In order to ensure the security of items authenticated under the MLB Authentication Program, holograms are designed to show traces of tampering if a hologram is removed.
In addition to the holograms featured on authenticated memorabilia, different holograms are produced by OpSec, U.S. for use on Major League Baseball Properties licensed products. These holograms, also with unique alphanumeric combinations, allow fans to easily identify merchandise as officially licensed by MLBP. These holograms are NOT used for the authentication of game-used or autographed products and, therefore, will not show up on the verification system located on MLB.com/authentication.
Unfortunately, we do not authenticate past autographs or game-used items. Currently, our system only authenticates items that are directly witnessed by a designated MLB Authenticator at the moment it is signed or used and only in conjunction with a Club or MLB Authentication Licensee.
The DB numbered hologram is not an authentication hologram; it is a hologram that designates the item as officially licensed. This hologram is never used for authentication by the MLB Authentication program for any autographed or game-used items. Authentication holograms are placed directly on the items themselves.
If you have an item which does not appear in the system, please e-mail an image of the hologram and a brief description and image of your item to [email protected]. Once we receive the image we will investigate the matter and get back to you as soon as possible.
Team Issued is a designation by an independent third-party authenticator who attests that the item was issued by the Club to its clubhouse. This designation is not intended to determine use of the item in any capacity.