The month of October brings baseball fans the excitement of postseason play in the Majors and the dawn of a new Arizona Fall League campaign.
The Surprise Saguaros and Mesa Solar Sox will kick off the 32nd season of AFL competition on Monday at 9:30 p.m. ET, pulling the curtain up on six weeks of prospect-filled action. Right-hander Leandro Lopez (Rangers) will get the start for Surprise against right-hander Jake Walkinshaw (A's) for Mesa.
More from MLB Pipeline:• Top 100 prospects | Stats | Video | Podcast | Complete coverage
Players from all 30 organizations will be on hand in the desert, including a number of well-known prospects. Each of the past two seasons have featured 10 of baseball's Top 100 prospects, but that number has risen to 14 for 2024. The league officially released its rosters -- which can be fluid -- on Sept. 25, highlighted by some notable names from each organization.
Of course, the AFL has always boasted its share of upper-echelon talent. Hall of Famers Mike Piazza, Todd Helton and Derek Jeter are just a few of the more than 3,000 Major Leagues who have graced the AFL. Current MLB stars Mike Trout, Bryce Harper and Mookie Betts are among the notable Fall League alumni.
Some of the sport's most talented prospects will be on hand, including Royals 2024 first-rounder Jac Caglianone (No. 17), who made his pro debut for High-A Quad Cities during the summer. Padres teenage sensation Ethan Salas (No. 19), Mariners shortstop Colt Emerson (No. 27) and Giants slugger Bryce Eldridge (No. 35) are among the 14 Top 100 prospects taking part.
More on the Arizona Fall League:• Complete coverage | Schedule | Tickets | Teams | Shop
Each of the Fall League's six clubs feature talent from five organizations. Those affiliations are:
Glendale Desert Dogs: Cardinals, Dodgers, Phillies, Reds, White SoxMesa Solar Sox: Angels, Athletics, Cubs, Rays, Red SoxPeoria Javelinas: Braves, Brewers, Mariners, Marlins, PadresSalt River Rafters: Diamondbacks, Nationals, Rockies, Twins, YankeesScottsdale Scorpions: Blue Jays, Giants, Mets, Pirates, TigersSurprise Saguaros: Astros, Guardians, Orioles, Rangers, Royals
17. Jac Caglianone, 1B/LHP, Royals (Surprise)19. Ethan Salas, C, Padres (Peoria)27. Colt Emerson, SS, Mariners (Peoria)28. Leodalis De Vries, SS, Padres (Peoria)35. Bryce Eldridge, 1B, Giants (Scottsdale)36. Xavier Isaac, 1B, Rays (Mesa)37. Colson Montgomery, SS, White Sox (Glendale)38. Cole Young, SS/2B, Mariners (Peoria)41. Chase DeLauter, OF, Guardians (Surprise)44. Moises Ballesteros, C/1B, Cubs (Mesa)52. Jett Williams, SS/OF, Mets (Scottsdale)65. Edwin Arroyo, SS, Reds (Glendale)74. Drew Gilbert, OF, Mets (Scottsdale)75. Termarr Johnson, 2B/SS, Pirates (Scottsdale)
More than ever before, fans can watch their favorite prospects during the Fall League courtesy of MLB.com streams. Eighty-one regular-season games will be available for fans to watch completely free, in addition to the AFL Home Run Derby, Fall Stars Game, Play-in Semifinal and Championship Game. And the Fall Stars Game and Championship Game will be broadcast on MLB Network. All contests will also be equipped with Gameday as well.
The Fall League has also served as an important circuit for many of Major League Baseball's forward-thinking improvements to the game to get some reps. The automated ball-strike (ABS) system has been in play in the desert since 2022, but was previously just available during games played at Salt River Fields at Talking Stick. This season, that will expand to Camelback Ranch (Glendale), Surprise Stadium and the Peoria Sports Complex (as well as Salt River Fields), meaning that two-thirds of all game action will have the experimental technology available and in use.
Each club will get two challenges -- which can only be initiated by the batter, pitcher or catcher -- but will retain said challenge if successful. (All Triple-A games from June 25 onward this season featured the use of the ABS system, with the revamped two challenges replacing the previous standard of three.)
Oct. 7: Opening Night, 9:30 p.m. ETOct. 19: Goodyear Ballpark tripleheader starting at 3:30 p.m. ETOct. 25: Mesa vs. Peoria at Brazell Field at GCU Ballpark, 9:30 p.m. ETOct. 26: American Family Fields of Phoenix doubleheader starting at 3:30 p.m. ETNov. 8: Home Run Derby, Sloan Park, 8:30 p.m. ETNov. 9: Fall Stars Game, Sloan Park, 8 p.m. ETNov. 15: Play-in Semifinal, Scottsdale Stadium, 8:30 p.m. ETNov. 16: Championship Game, Salt River Fields, 8 p.m. ET
Have the latest news, ticket information, and more from the Pirates and MLB delivered right to your inbox.