With the Pirates' season over, keep track of all their offseason roster moves and injury updates here. As a reminder, players on the 60-day injured list must be added back onto the 40-man roster after the World Series. This page will be updated throughout the offseason.
RHP Kyle Nicolas (left oblique strain)Expected return: 2025Nicolas left the Pirates’ game on Sept. 16 after pitching to one batter in the eighth inning after feeling a pain on his left side. Assistant general manager Kevan Graves described the injury as "relatively minor" during his appearance on 93.7 The Fan. (Last updated: Sept. 22)
3B Ke'Bryan Hayes (lower back inflammation)Expected return: 2025Hayes was placed on the IL on Aug. 19 due to lower back inflammation. He has rehabbed and engaged in some light baseball activities, such as playing catch, but there's not enough time for him to return to game action this season, assistant general manager Kevan Graves said on 93.7 The Fan. (Last updated: Sept. 22)
C Henry Davis (left hand inflammation)Expected return: 2025Davis' stint on the injured list is retroactive to Sept. 5 and it is the second time he's been on the injured list during what has been a challenging season, hitting .144 in the Majors. (Last updated: Sept. 8)
RHP Braxton Ashcraft (recurrent right forearm injury; Pirates' No. 4 prospect, No. 87 overall)Expected return: 2025Ashcraft pitched one inning on Aug. 30 in his first start back from the injured list, but was placed on the injured list the following day. Ashcraft has excelled on the field, but has made three trips to the injured list since June 28, with right elbow inflammation causing him to miss a month and a half from mid-July to late August. (Last updated: Aug. 31)
C Endy Rodríguez (right elbow surgery)Expected return: 2025Rodríguez was removed from Triple-A Indianapolis' game on Sept. 20 shortly after throwing down to second base with general right forearm fatigue. Assistant general manager Kevan Graves confirmed on 93.7 The Fan that there was no structural damage to his elbow, and that it was "generally good news." Playing in organized games was far from guaranteed for Rodríguez after undergoing elbow surgery last December, but he did well throughout his rehab to give him this opportunity. (Last updated: Sept. 22)
RHP Ben Heller (right shoulder inflammation)Expected return: 2025Heller was placed on the injured list on Aug. 30 and transferred to the 60-day IL on Sept. 18 with right shoulder inflammation. He has made eight appearances in the Majors this year, recording an 11.25 ERA. (Last updated: Sept. 18)
LHP Marco Gonzales (left forearm strain)Expected return: Late 2025Gonzales underwent left flexor tendon surgery and had a brace placed on his UCL, but it was not a revision. The procedure was performed by Dr. Neal ElAttrache and Dr. Steven Shin, and he is projected to return to action in 12 months. Gonzales made seven starts for the Pirates this year, going 1-1 with a 4.54 ERA. (Last updated: Sept. 13)
RHP Johan Oviedo (Tommy John surgery)Expected return: 2025Oviedo is throwing out to 120 feet four times a week, another benchmark in his return from Tommy John surgery. According to director of sports medicine Todd Tomczyk, he is projected to be ready for Spring Training 2025. (Last updated: Sept. 13)
RHP Dauri Moreta (UCL surgery)Expected return: Mid 2025Moreta has started to play catch, throwing out to 60 feet, approximately six months after his Tommy John surgery. According to director of sports medicine Todd Tomczyk, he is projected for a return to games in June 2025. (Last updated: Sept. 13)
Have the latest news, ticket information, and more from the Pirates and MLB delivered right to your inbox.
RHP Daulton Jefferies (right elbow inflammation)Expected return: 2025Jefferies allowed one hit and one earned run in one inning during his first rehab outing with Triple-A Indianapolis on Aug. 30. The assignment came shortly after he threw a live batting practice with Indianapolis during the week of Aug. 19 and came out of it feeling good. (Last updated: Sept. 4)
RHP Hunter Stratton (ruptured left patella tendon)Expected return: 2025Stratton underwent surgery to repair his ruptured patella tendon on Aug. 26. The projected return to competition is seven to 10 months. Stratton suffered the injury chasing a loose ball and then sliding into the limestone behind home plate at PNC Park. (Last updated: Aug. 28)