With the Pirates' season over, keep track of all their offseason roster moves and injury updates here. As a reminder, players on the 60-day injured list must be added back onto the 40-man roster after the World Series. This page will be updated throughout the offseason.
It was hardly a shocker by the time assistant general manager Kevan Graves announced on 93.7 The Fan Sunday afternoon that Ke'Bryan Hayes would not be able to return to game action in 2024, but that doesn’t make the blow much easier for the Pirates’ third baseman.
CLEVELAND -- Coming off of the mound for the first time in his second rehab assignment, Ryan Borucki smiled.
                        After spending most of this year on the shelf, trying to rehab back from triceps inflammation and the frustrations of the ups and downs of his left arm, for the first
PHOENIX -- Twenty-one months ago, Nick Gonzales was in Arizona peppering the ball all over the field. Then, in his second stint in the Arizona Fall League, the seventh overall pick in the 2020 Draft was a prospect whose hitting prowess drew rave reviews and made the Pittsburgh front office
PITTSBURGH -- Joey Bart thought he saw Bailey Falter shake his arm when warming up for the third inning and figured something might not be quite right. It turned out the Pirates catcher was correct.
                        “I felt like hopefully it's something that's not too serious, but I knew, I guess
PITTSBURGH -- A day after being removed after five innings and 78 pitches for what was deemed at the time a minor lat strain, Pirates rookie sensation Jared Jones was placed on the 15-day injured list on Thursday before the club's 3-2 loss to the Cardinals in 10 innings at
PITTSBURGH -- The Pirates placed two-time All-Star closer David Bednar on the 15-day injured list on Sunday with a strained left oblique, retroactive to June 20.
                        Bednar last pitched on June 19, working a 1-2-3 ninth inning against the Reds to earn his 16th save of the season. Bednar would
PITTSBURGH -- On Tuesday, Marco Gonzales and Ryan Borucki both threw 30-pitch bullpen sessions that went well, signaling that both southpaws should progress with their rehab soon. Both have been on the injured list since April, but things are finally starting to trend in the right direction.
                        It’s a sigh
ST. LOUIS – Thursday’s 4-3 Pirates' loss to the Cardinals at Busch Stadium could best be summarized by three breaking pitches. The first two were cutters by Mitch Keller that left the yard, a two-run shot by Paul Goldschmidt and a sixth-inning blast by Brendan Donovan that served as the
PITTSBURGH – The Pirates’ starting battery of Martín Pérez and Joey Bart both exited early Sunday afternoon with injuries, putting the game in the hands of their struggling middle relievers. The Braves took advantage of that and managed to avoid the three-game sweep at PNC Park, sending the Bucs to
PHILADELPHIA -- The Pirates came into this season with questions about how much starting pitching depth they have. Now it might be time for that depth to be tested.
                        The team placed left-hander Marco Gonzales on the 15-day injured list on Sunday with a left forearm muscle strain. While the
PHILADELPHIA -- A chocolate shake was waiting for Colin Holderman back at his Citizens Bank Park locker Thursday night. He’s not a huge post-game meal person, but on this night he asked head Major League dietician Hillary Ake for something sweet after the game.
                        "I'm not really as hungry after
BRADENTON, Fla. -- The unofficial word on David Bednar's Opening Day status is, “I sure hope so.”
                        At least, those were the words of the two-time All-Star closer Thursday, before the Pirates’ 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays at LECOM Park.
                        If nothing else, Thursday was a big step for
PORT CHARLOTTE, Fla. -- David Bednar is currently dealing with right lat tightness, explaining why the Pirates’ closer has not appeared in a game yet this Spring Training.
                        The two-time All-Star felt the discomfort during his throwing program recently and is currently not throwing, though he does not seem too
PITTSBURGH -- The Pirates were dealt a tough blow for the 2024 season, as they announced on Tuesday that catcher Endy Rodríguez will miss the entire campaign due to UCL reconstruction surgery on his right elbow as well as a repair of his right flexor tendon.
                        The Pirates said in
PITTSBURGH -- With time running out in the regular season, Oneil Cruz was ruled out of a return in the 2023 campaign by manager Derek Shelton on Tuesday afternoon. But he’s already as confident as ever that he’ll be back to his best self in ‘24 -- if not sooner.
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen’s season is over.
                        The Pirates placed McCutchen on the 10-day injured list Wednesday due to a partial tear of his left Achilles tendon. McCutchen will spend the next six weeks in a walking boot; with roughly four weeks remaining in the regular season, the 36-year-old will
PITTSBURGH -- Over the course of the last couple months, the Pirates repeatedly expressed confidence that Oneil Cruz would play in Major League games sometime this season. That confidence, however, is waning.
                        Cruz’s rehab has “plateaued” due to general left foot soreness, per the Pirates’ director of sports medicine Todd
PITTSBURGH -- Following an extensive examination and collaboration with experts in the medical field, the Pirates determined that infielder Tucupita Marcano will undergo season-ending surgery to repair a torn right anterior cruciate ligament.
                        Marcano will have the procedure in the coming weeks. Prior to the surgery, the Pirates want to
PITTSBURGH -- The injury bug continues to affect the black and gold.
                        Less than a week after the Pirates placed outfielder Bryan Reynolds on the injured list, Ke'Bryan Hayes landed on the 10-day IL (retroactive to Sunday) with lower back inflammation.
                        Infielder Jared Triolo, the Pirates’ No. 16 prospect per
PITTSBURGH -- As Vince Velasquez sat at his locker in the visiting clubhouse of T-Mobile Field on May 28, he expressed optimism that he would pitch again this season. Velasquez had just landed on the injured list after re-aggravating his right elbow in his first start off the injured list
PITTSBURGH -- Oneil Cruz's injury didn't damage his sense of humor in the slightest.
                        For the first time since fracturing his left ankle on April 9, Cruz spoke to reporters and discussed a myriad of topics, including his state of mind, his progress and his bobblehead's striking resemblance to himself.
SEATTLE -- As Vince Velasquez sat at his locker prior to Sunday’s series finale against the Mariners, the health of his right elbow still ambiguous, he took an optimistic tone.
                        “I can’t really put a timeline on it, but I could honestly say I’m really optimistic about the fact that
SEATTLE -- Vince Velasquez’s first outing off the injured list didn’t go as planned.
                        After spending several weeks on the IL due to right elbow inflammation, Velasquez was pulled in his first start back after just two innings due to right elbow discomfort as the Pirates fell to the Mariners,
PITTSBURGH -- To keep up the early momentum they created in April, the Pirates are going to have to work through adversity.
                        Vince Velasquez’s placement on the 15-day injured list ahead of the Bucs’ 4-0 Friday loss to the Blue Jays at PNC Park was the latest in a string