The Penguins Pledge is a sustainability initiative which serves as the organization's commitment to improve all efforts of social, economic and environmental sustainability.
This initiative is a collaborative effort with key partners with the goal of reducing negative impact on the environment and promoting sustainable practices to help preserve natural resources, while also supporting economic and social development.
PPG is committed to using resources efficiently, developing industry-leading sustainably advantaged solutions, and prioritizing decarbonization to protect the world for current and future generations.
In 2023, PPG became the first U.S.-based coatings manufacturer to receive validation from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for 2030 scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions reduction targets. As part of these targets, the company also introduced further 2030 sustainability goals that focus on driving sales of sustainably advantaged products, reducing its environmental impact, and making a difference in communities.
PPG’s paints, coatings and specialty materials protect and beautify the world, many of which offer benefits that support its customers' sustainability ambitions. In 2023, 44% of PPG sales were from sustainably advantaged products and processes that address multiple sustainability benefits, including lower emissions, lower toxicity, energy efficiency, use of renewable raw materials or extending durability.
PPG’s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report details advancements in its sustainably advantaged innovations, governance of ESG, efforts to reach its 2030 targets and further actions to support customers' sustainability goals. The report is available at ppg.com/sustainability.
The Pittsburgh Penguins and The Davey Tree Expert Company have partnered to plant trees in the greater Pittsburgh area! Every goal scored by a Penguin on home ice adds a number to the tree counter. The two organizations will work with Tree Pittsburgh to plant the total number of trees in or around the city to help restore the urban forest in Pittsburgh.
We have planted 273 trees thanks to all of the Penguins home goals scored in the 2022.23 and 2023.24 seasons!
"This partnership with the Penguins is exciting because it's making Pittsburgh a greener space for the residents, businesses, and overall community, which is proven to have tremendous health and economic benefits," said Sandra Reid, vice president of corporate communications and strategic planning at Davey Tree. "Cities across the country need to expand and reestablish their urban forests, so it's great to be included in Pittsburgh's mission to do so, and Davey is thrilled to be a part of the process."
U. S. Steel views sustainability through a simple lens: Sustaining lives and livelihoods by creating a more sustainable future, for our company and the stakeholders who depend on us. To realize this future, we are implementing our Best for All® strategy to transform our company into a sustainable, competitive business, enabling us to remain a pillar of our communities, a source of pride for our employees, and the bedrock of sustainable manufacturing for generations to come.  
Our Best for All strategy is focused on providing sustainable, visionary steel solutions that serve customers and communities, people and planet. Our contributions to society go beyond the supply of steel, as we engage with the communities in which we live and work to help build a sustainable future.  
We are doing our part to lower our carbon footprint and promote a circular economy, while continuing to supply the steel that is foundational to manufacturing - just as we have throughout our 120+ year history. Creating a more sustainable future for our company and the stakeholders who depend on us is essential to our long-term success. Steel is also essential to enable a clean energy transition, including wind turbines, solar panel array frames, and the motors and bodies of electric cars.  
With our focus on innovative customer solutions, empowering people and protecting the environment, the future of steel is sustainable.
For the past 3 years, PPG has partnered with the Pennsylvania Resource Council (PRC) to host the annual Household Hazardous Waste Chemical collection. This is a drive-through event at PPG Paints Arena which has provided over 1,000 Penguins fans and community members with an opportunity to safely discard any household chemicals such as paints, cleaners, and pesticides throughout the years. Together, PPG, the Penguins, and PRC have been able to help safely dispose of 135,000 pounds of chemical waste, keeping the materials out of homes and garages, while diverting them from our soil, air, and water.
For the past few years, a pair of bald eagles, named "Irvin" and "Claire" (after U.S. Steel's Clairton plant) have been thriving on property at U. S. Steel's Mon Valley Works Irvin Plant in West Mifflin, PA. U. S. Steel shares the beauty of these majestic birds with the community through the installation of live cameras. This is believed to be the first such camera at a steel plant and only the third camera of its kind in Pennsylvania.
Click below to catch a live look at "Irvin and Claire" via two live cameras.
The Pittsburgh Penguins and PPG Paints Arena are members of the Green Sports Alliance, an environmentally and socially responsible focused nonprofit organization that convenes stakeholders from around the sporting world.
The Pittsburgh Penguins will collaborate with other Green Sports Alliance members which include professional sports leagues, teams, venues, universities, and corporate partners to support, expand, and promote their sustainability practices. Visit greensportsalliance.org for more information.
Have you ever thought about how steel shapes our world? It's not just about towering skyscrapers or massive bridges. Steel has been the backbone of our past and it’s essential to a sustainable future. At U. S. Steel, we are building the future of steel and we're building it one innovation at a time.
We recently turned two diesel locomotives at our Mon Valley Works into eco-friendly, battery-powered machines. The locomotives, which travel within the facilities carrying steel, coke, scrap metal, iron ore, and other materials necessary for production, are expected to reduce airborne particulate matter (PM2.5) emissions by .385 tons - the equivalent emissions of 7,000 gasoline-powered passenger vehicles.
As we march towards our goal of net-zero emissions by 2050, every step counts. Environmental stewardship isn't just a fancy term for us. It's at the core of everything we do, embedded deep in our S.T.E.E.L. Principles. We're talking about a serious commitment to safeguarding our natural resources. After all, our communities, our ecosystems, and heck, our entire planet's future depends on it.
Indra Energy is committed to promoting earth-friendly energy and green causes. Our renewable energy plans empower customers to make an impact on their communities. Our customers' electricity usage is paired with renewable energy certificates generated from alternative energy sources in the United States, which may include wind, solar, hydro, or any other zero-emission sources that have been qualified as such. Our residential natural gas usage will be paired with carbon offsets. In 2022 alone, our customers prevented an Estimated 167k+ tons* of carbon from entering the atmosphere just by using our renewable energy plans (*Calculated using the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator).
Going beyond energy to make a difference is Indra Energy’s commitment. We are proud partners of the Penguins Pledge, and we are actively supporting four forest planting projects across the United States: replanting in the Rockies and our National Forests, along with replanting on the Appalachian Trail and restoring forests destroyed by fire.
Thanks to a generous grant from EQT Corporation and the EQT Foundation, National Aviary educators and their flock of Ambassador Birds went on the road during the 2023.24 school year, bringing the Aviary to rural Pennsylvania classrooms. The Aviary presented conservation messaging through 10 in-class and assembly programs to schools outside of Allegheny County.
The National Aviary and EQT’s outreach program, Educating the Next Generation of Conservationists, was a tremendous success, teaching concepts in science, technology, engineering, environmental literacy, and sustainability (STEELS), as well as math, geography, wildlife conservation, and more, free of charge to schools.
“The live owl is the best! We learned about owls, predator/prey, nocturnal animals, in Kindergarten! They were so excited afterwards, that's all they talked about. It was excellent! I hope this continues every year!”—Kindergarten teacher from Kiski Area School District
In 2023.24, because of the EQT Foundation’s support, the National Aviary met with approximately 2,840 rural students and 133 educators—a 28 percent increase in the number of students from 2022-2023!
Educating the Next Generation of Conservationists significantly impacts students by providing an engaging, fun science program to thousands of children who are able to apply new information about birds, their native habitats, the environmental pressures they face, and the role that humans play in creating or mitigating these challenges, inspiring conservation action. This is a true partnership between EQT, the Aviary, and teachers and school districts in rural counties.
Through the ongoing partnership with EQT and the EQT Foundation, the National Aviary will continue to work with rural schools in the 2024.25 school year.