The City of Pittsburgh is creating an online directory of international businesses to bring visibility and growth to the diverse businesses in our City. We want you to join us so we can celebrate your business! If you're an immigrant-owned business, join us by signing up here (it's completely free):
Welcoming Pittsburgh is an immigrant, refugee and asylee integration strategy launched by Mayor William Peduto in 2014. The Mayor’s Office is leading implementation of the plan through cross-sectoral partnerships. Welcoming Pittsburgh is rooted in a commitment to ensure a more livable city for all residents.
Welcoming Pittsburgh is an initiative meant to live within the community. Since its launch, Welcoming Pittsburgh has transformed into a platform to highlight the hard work that Pittsburgh leaders do to show our newcomers welcome.
Instead of directing the conversation, the city aims to support the dialogue that is already happening in order to successfully address the needs of the community. Through support of immigrant centered events, projects, and initiatives, the City of Pittsburgh is committed to engaging as much of our immigrant, refugee, and asylee communities as possible.
Welcoming Pittsburgh is guided by the Welcoming Pittsburgh Roadmap, a comprehensive citywide plan compiled by 40 leaders from diverse sectors, and over 3,000 community members. The Roadmap outlines 37 community-led recommendations grouped into 3 categories Welcome Neighbor, Bridge to the City, and Prospering Together all to advance welcoming efforts in the City. The work of Welcoming Pittsburgh includes the 37 recommendations, as well as emerging priorities of the community that goes beyond the original roadmap.
To better fulfill the recommendations and to align our efforts with a broader county outlook, we have grouped the recommendations(both in the roadmap and beyond) into 6 categories: Civic & Community Engagement, Education, Language Access, Economic Development, Sustaining the Plan, and Beyond the Roadmap.
See something in the Roadmap that aligns with your work? We would love to include you- please reach out to us!
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.