The Office of Film & Event Management (OFEM) is the official permitting authority for block parties, special events, first amendment activity, and film projects in the City of Pittsburgh. To support the city’s rapidly growing event & film industry, the Office of Film & Event Management has streamlined the permitting process for event organizers and film producers via efficient digital permitting. In addition to streamlining the permitting process for events & film projects in the City of Pittsburgh, the Office of Film & Event Management will also be responsible for the following:
OFEM is tasked with receiving and vetting applications for small and large-scale events and film productions within the City of Pittsburgh as well as consulting with both film and event permit applicants to ensure that industry standards, safety regulations, and city policies are followed and met. Via the Special Events Committee, OFEM also works with all City departments to ensure proper planning, coordination, and execution of all events and film projects. Additionally, it will ensure that events and film productions do not negatively impact the City’s operations and remain positive assets to the City and its residents.
Beginning in the spring of 2024, the Office of Film & Event Management (OFEM) will be launching a new permit management system, Eproval! With the launch of this new system comes a new two-phase application approach to special event permitting. The new process will allow event organizers to secure their preferred venue first, and then focus on the details of the event. Previously, applicants would need to wait until many details of their event were in place before they could apply. Now, applicants can secure their venue and dates, then move forward with hiring all of their vendors and performers with the comfort of knowing they have a secure venue and dates.
Please see the release below for more information on EProval, and please visit the Special Event & Block Party Permitting page for information on the new application process. Please check out the “Getting Started: Event Permits” for information on the entire permitting process!
In addition to being able to secure their event venue prior to completing all event-specific details, Eproval provides several new exciting features that will make the event permitting process more streamlined for applicants. Among them:
For general information and guidance, please reach out to the Office of Film & Event Management at the contact info below.
Please note: Staff works a hybrid schedule. The Preferred method of contact for the fastest response is email.
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.