Citywide events, neighborhood festivals and year-round recreational activities truly enhance
                            the quality of life for the people of Pittsburgh – 365 days a year. Whether you are
                            looking for a relaxing walk through a park or a challenging run through the streets, check
                            out this website for ideas about how to spend your leisure time seven days a week.
To our sponsors and partners, we offer a sincere thank you for making this impressive array
                            of CitiParks events and programs possible. We quite literally could not do it without you.
                            Together, the Department of Public Works and Citiparks maintain nearly 3,800 acres of
                            parkland across 163 parks for your enjoyment.
The Allegheny Regional Asset District – RAD – invests in Allegheny County's quality of life
                            through financial support of libraries, parks and trails, arts and cultural organizations,
                            regional attractions, sports and civic facilities, and public transit. Founded in part to
                            remove sole financial burden from the City of Pittsburgh for regional attractions, in RAD’s
                            nearly 28 years of public support, the five regional parks have received over $150 million
                            in operating and capital grants. RAD is proud to play such a significant role in ensuring
                            that
                            our regional parks are safe and vibrant places for our communities to gather, explore, and
                            be inspired. Learn more: https:
                                //www.radworkshere.org/.
The Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy was founded in December 1996 by a group of citizens. A
                            non-profit organization, the Parks Conservancy works closely with the City of Pittsburgh
                            under
                            an official public interest partnership agreement to restore and improve the city’s park
                            system to its full potential. To date, the Parks Conservancy has raised more than $130
                            million and completed more than 22 major park improvement projects. The Parks Conservancy
                            works with thousands of volunteers and provides programming for more than 7,500 children
                            annually. Learn more about our partners at the Conservancy: https://pittsburghparks.org/.
                        
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.