History   


Pittsburgh was founded on November 27, 1758. The city was named by General John Forbes, in honor of British statesman William Pitt, the 1st Earl of Chatham. Early on, Pittsburgh played an important role in our country’s history. In the early 1800s, the city became known as the “Gateway to the West.” This nickname referenced the huge advantage Pittsburgh had by having the intersection of three major waterways. The Allegheny River and Monongahela River join together at what is known as the “point” to form the Ohio River. This intersection opened the gates for Pittsburgh to lead the way in the trade industry for products such as coal, timber, glass, natural gas, iron and limestone. By 1911, Pittsburgh manufactured half of the nation’s steel. Due to the amount of pollution given off by the steel factories the city had a new nickname - “The Smoky City."
Throughout the years, Pittsburgh has made multiple changes and overcome many obstacles. The city has moved from the steel industry to become a leader in healthcare, education, technology, and financial services. What were once heavily polluted streets and riverfronts, have been transformed to create the modern vibrant Pittsburgh one sees today.




Population Statistics   


The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the sixth largest populated state in the United States. Pittsburgh is the second largest city in Pennsylvania and has an estimated of 310,000 people. The population consists of 51.9% females and 48.9% males, with the average age being 33. Pittsburgh, serves as the County Seat of Allegheny County which has an estimated population of 1.2 million. Pittsburgh serves as the principal city of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area, or Greater Pittsburgh. This 8 county area has an estimated population of 2.6 million.




Community   


The City of Pittsburgh offers everything a person might be looking for in a home, with its wonderful shopping areas, great restaurants, and beautiful views. Pittsburgh is known for having more named neighborhoods than any American city. Ninety distinct communities collectively create the culture of Pittsburgh. The Strip District is a wonderful market spot known for its variety of food and an excellent shopping with unique stores. The neighborhoods known as Shadyside, Beechview, or the West End are other fantastic region of Pittsburgh to find trendy shops and restaurants. If you’re looking for authentic homemade Italian food, Bloomfield or “Pittsburgh’s Little Italy” is the place for you. If you’re looking for more of a creative and artistic side of Pittsburgh, pass through the neighborhood of Lawrenceville.
East Liberty is known as for business and industries. Looking for a fun night out on the town? South Side has a fun and exciting nightlife full of clubs, sports bars, and laid-back pubs. Wanting to catch a game or spend some quality time with your loved ones? The North Shore or North Side is the place to be. Mount Washington is the high point of Pittsburgh; it gives the residents of Pittsburgh and tourists a beautiful view of this magnificent city. Finally, Downtown, like most downtown districts, has great food, dining, parks, plazas, and art museums.




Education   


Pittsburgh Public Schools strives to accelerate student achievement, eliminate racial inequalities, foster innovations and create positive atmosphere. There are a total of 23 elementary schools, 7 middle schools, 4 high schools, 11 schools serving grades K-8, 5 schools serving grades 6-12, and 4 specialty schools. The district is governed by the elected Board of Public Education of Pittsburgh. The City of Pittsburgh Controller and Treasurer serve dual roles in the School District of Pittsburgh.
For higher education there are countless and qualified options. The University of Pittsburgh, Duquesne University, Carlow University, Point Park University, and Carnegie Mellon University are just a few universities located in the City of Pittsburgh. There are even more just outside the city such as Robert Morris University, Washington & Jefferson, and La Roche College.




Pittsburgh was founded on November 27, 1758. The city was named by General John Forbes, in honor of British statesman William Pitt, the 1st Earl of Chatham. Early on, Pittsburgh played an important role in our country’s history. In the early 1800s, the city became known as the “Gateway to the West.” This nickname referenced the huge advantage Pittsburgh had by having the intersection of three major waterways. The Allegheny River and Monongahela River join together at what is known as the “point” to form the Ohio River. This intersection opened the gates for Pittsburgh to lead the way in the trade industry for products such as coal, timber, glass, natural gas, iron and limestone. By 1911, Pittsburgh manufactured half of the nation’s steel. Due to the amount of pollution given off by the steel factories the city had a new nickname - “The Smoky City."
Throughout the years, Pittsburgh has made multiple changes and overcome many obstacles. The city has moved from the steel industry to become a leader in healthcare, education, technology, and financial services. What were once heavily polluted streets and riverfronts, have been transformed to create the modern vibrant Pittsburgh one sees today.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the sixth largest populated state in the United States. Pittsburgh is the second largest city in Pennsylvania and has an estimated of 310,000 people. The population consists of 51.9% females and 48.9% males, with the average age being 33. Pittsburgh, serves as the County Seat of Allegheny County which has an estimated population of 1.2 million. Pittsburgh serves as the principal city of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area, or Greater Pittsburgh. This 8 county area has an estimated population of 2.6 million.
The City of Pittsburgh offers everything a person might be looking for in a home, with its wonderful shopping areas, great restaurants, and beautiful views. Pittsburgh is known for having more named neighborhoods than any American city. Ninety distinct communities collectively create the culture of Pittsburgh. The Strip District is a wonderful market spot known for its variety of food and an excellent shopping with unique stores. The neighborhoods known as Shadyside, Beechview, or the West End are other fantastic region of Pittsburgh to find trendy shops and restaurants. If you’re looking for authentic homemade Italian food, Bloomfield or “Pittsburgh’s Little Italy” is the place for you. If you’re looking for more of a creative and artistic side of Pittsburgh, pass through the neighborhood of Lawrenceville.
East Liberty is known as for business and industries. Looking for a fun night out on the town? South Side has a fun and exciting nightlife full of clubs, sports bars, and laid-back pubs. Wanting to catch a game or spend some quality time with your loved ones? The North Shore or North Side is the place to be. Mount Washington is the high point of Pittsburgh; it gives the residents of Pittsburgh and tourists a beautiful view of this magnificent city. Finally, Downtown, like most downtown districts, has great food, dining, parks, plazas, and art museums.
Pittsburgh Public Schools strives to accelerate student achievement, eliminate racial inequalities, foster innovations and create positive atmosphere. There are a total of 23 elementary schools, 7 middle schools, 4 high schools, 11 schools serving grades K-8, 5 schools serving grades 6-12, and 4 specialty schools. The district is governed by the elected Board of Public Education of Pittsburgh. The City of Pittsburgh Controller and Treasurer serve dual roles in the School District of Pittsburgh.
For higher education there are countless and qualified options. The University of Pittsburgh, Duquesne University, Carlow University, Point Park University, and Carnegie Mellon University are just a few universities located in the City of Pittsburgh. There are even more just outside the city such as Robert Morris University, Washington & Jefferson, and La Roche College.
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.