The Plow Tracker v 2.0 displays the history trail of Public Works vehicles conducting deicing and/or anti-icing and plowing operations. Vehicle travel on City streets is displayed with a pink history trail. 
Street treatment efforts can be tracked within the last 1, 2, 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours by selecting the desired interval below the map.  
Current vehicle location is displayed with a vehicle icon on the screen on the “Now” and 2, 4, 12, and 24 interval time displays.
The Plow Tracker v 2.0 does not display the current location of vehicles traveling slower than 2.5 m.p.h., or if the ignition is off. To ensure drivers are able to treat the roads without interruption, vehicle icons are presented with a time delay.
Users of the Plow Tracker 2.0 can zoom in on the map to view their street or select their street from the drop-down menu located below the history display buttons.
Treatment is the application of anti-icing (before snow and ice arrive) and / or deicing (after snow / ice have fallen) materials. While their application indicates that the street has been treated it does not indicate that a street will be clear of any snow/ ice – that will happen when the temperatures are favorable (rising, not falling), the sun is prevalent and pedestrians and vehicles work the deicing and/or anti-icing material.
Primary and secondary streets are treated simultaneously but during heavy snow or changing weather conditions Public Works vehicles may return to treating only primaries prior to returning to secondary and tertiary routes. The streets are categorized based on traffic volume.
In addition to City streets, Public Works conducts deicing and/or anti-icing operations on certain Allegheny County, and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania roads.
Later this winter weather season we will update the Plow Tracker map to display city snow and ice treatment responsibility.
Why do trucks go on streets that the city does not own or maintain?
There are times that Public Works vehicles travel on streets they do not own or maintain:
Why did the truck go halfway up the street and turn around? 
To apply deicing and/or anti-icing materials to streets during a winter weather event Public Works drivers may turn their vehicle around and back up steep hills because this is the most efficient and safest manner to treat the street. In other instances, drivers may encounter difficulty accessing narrow streets when cars are parked too far into the roadway. In such cases, the driver has to return in the hope the vehicle has moved or return with a smaller piece of equipment.
For the 2018-19 winter weather season, Public Works is treating roads with a new rock salt made of Magnesium Chloride instead of Sodium Chloride treated with liquid Calcium Chloride. Magnesium Chloride is expected to have a lower melting point and better deicing capabilities, particularly at lower temperatures. Our new deicing material is treated with a blue pigment that enables residents and drivers to be better able to determine if the street has recently been treated. 
Please be patient and give our crews the time needed to treat over 1,200 miles of streets.
Public Works classifies storm conditions into Levels, which determine the required response for a given winter weather event. Based on the Levels, residents and drivers can expect that all streets will be treated in the following manner. Know that while there are periods when it is not snowing, that does not mean the weather event has ended.
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.