To all of our volunteers, thank you for a great 2023-2024 season! 
We're not collecting volunteers or recipient information at this time. Follow this page, or leave your contact information in the form below to be notified when this program re-opens for the 2024-2025 season. 
Snow-covered sidewalks can be hazardous for everyone. The City of Pittsburgh’s Snow Angels Program pairs older residents and residents with disabilities with nearby neighbors who volunteer to assist them with snow removal on their sidewalks and walkways.
Along with fostering stronger community relationships and relieving some of the stress that comes from a snowfall or freeze, Snow Angels make our sidewalks safer for those who are outside during the winter weather, like postal carriers, firefighters, police officers, and other neighbors.
In 2023, we encouraged couches, faith-based and community leaders to sign up their groups as Snow Angels to support their neighbors in need. 
We are not accepting applications for Snow Angel service at this time. Follow this page, or leave your contact information in the form above to be notified when the program reopens for the 2024-2025 season.
If you’d like a neighbor to come help break the ice!
Here are the requirements neighbors must meet to request a Snow Angel:
Be at least 62 years old, or have a physical disability.
Live within the City of Pittsburgh. Click here to find out if you live within city limits.
Do not have resources (financial or family and friends nearby) to assist with snow removal.
412-255-2626Snow Angels is a City of Pittsburgh Mayor's Office Program414 Grant Street, 5th FloorPittsburgh, PA 15219
This PDF lists the terms volunteers of the Snow Angels program agree to in order to participate. If you are leading a group, you must share these terms with your group members.
This PDF lists the terms recipients of the Snow Angels program agree to in order to participate.
This PDF lists the terms volunteers of the Snow Angels program agree to in order to participate. If you are leading a group, you must share these terms with your group members.
This PDF lists the terms recipients of the Snow Angels program agree to in order to participate.
We're welcoming businesses to offer incentives to our Snow Angel volunteers. Email us at SnowAngels@pittsburghpa.gov to learn more and offer your support.
This site is owned and operated by the City of Pittsburgh using software licensed from Social Pinpoint. For details on how the City of Pittsburgh collects and protects your personal information, refer to their Privacy Policy below. For details of how Social Pinpoint may access personal information, please refer to Social Pinpoint’s Privacy Policy.
The City of Pittsburgh is committed to protecting online users’ privacy. We believe that protection of personal privacy on the Internet is our responsibility – to assure user confidence, increase participation in online activities, and support effective delivery of services. The City intends to give you as much control as possible over your personal information.
The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather when you visit our site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, your information. The following is the privacy policy for this site:
If you send us an electronic mail message with a question or comment that contains personal identification information or fill out an online engagement form, we will only use the personally identifiable information to respond to your request and analyze trends. We may redirect your message to another government agency who is in a better position to answer your question.
This information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personally identifiable information and will not be released to any outside parties unless we are legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings.
The following Terms and Conditions govern the use of Engage PGH (“the site”). The software platform is owned by Social Pinpoint Pty Ltd and operated by us, the City of Pittsburgh.

By accessing and using this site, you are choosing to accept and comply with the Terms presented throughout this agreement as well as the Privacy Policy and Moderation Policy. These Terms apply to all visitors and users of this site. Linked sites, affiliated services or third party content or software have their own Terms that you must comply with. If you disagree with any of the Terms presented in this agreement, you may discontinue using the site immediately.

If you are under 18 years old, please ensure that your parent or guardian understands and accepts these Terms and Conditions (including the Privacy Policy and Moderation Policy).

While using the site, you must not violate any applicable laws and regulations. It is our duty to protect the confidentiality of content you provide on our site in accordance with our Privacy Policy. When you create an account with us, you must always provide us with accurate information. Failure to provide accurate information violates the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our service. You are responsible for protecting your own password you use for this site and for any activities done under that password. Unauthorised use of your password or account must be immediately reported to us. In some cases, we or our agents may require access to your user accounts to respond to technical issues.

We are not responsible for the content on the site that has been provided by the users of the site. Any content posted by you is subject to the rules of our Moderation Policy. Your contribution to the site may be edited, removed or not published if we consider it inappropriate (refer to Moderation Policy). Contributors should also be aware that their posts may remain online indefinitely. Where practical, you may choose not to identify yourself, deal with us on an anonymous basis or use a pseudonym.

We may terminate or suspend access to your site and/or account immediately, without prior notice, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. We may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all the related files and information in your account. After your account has been terminated, the content you have posted may also remain indefinitely on the site.

If you want to terminate your own account, please send an email to engage@pittsburghpa.gov.
These Terms shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, the United States, and Australia, without regards to its conflict of law provisions.

The City of Pittsburgh, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, licensors and other partners are not responsible for any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising from a breach of this agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.

This website contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and other proprietary information (“Intellectual Property”) of the City of Pittsburgh and its suppliers and licensors. The City of Pittsburgh owns and retains all proprietary rights in the intellectual property. All intellectual property in the content of this site including without limitation to text, software, source code, pages, documents and online graphics, photographs, sounds, audio, video and other interactive features are owned by or licensed to us.

Any original content that you submit or post on our site may be made available to the public and allows users to share your content (with the end user acknowledging your contribution) under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Australian License.

Except for Intellectual Property which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you may not copy, alter, transmit, sell, distribute any of the Intellectual Property on this site.

We are not responsible for your communications or dealings, including payment and delivery of goods or services, with a third party found via our website. Any loss or damage incurred from those communications or dealings are solely between the user and the third party.

Users must agree that you use of the site is at your own risk. We make no warranty that the site will meet your requirements or be uninterrupted or error-free. Any material that the user downloads through the site is done at their own risk and are responsible for any damages to their computer system or loss of data.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time without notice. The most recent version of the Terms can be seen on this page. By continuing to access or use our site after those revisions become effective, you agree and will comply to the revised terms. If you do not agree to the revised terms, please discontinue using our site.

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at engage@pittsburghpa.gov.
Enter your email address below. We will send you instructions to reset your password.
Creating an account helps us better understand your needs and the needs of the community.
Completing the questions below helps us better understand the diverse range of people who contribute their ideas. The questions are optional.
You’re using an outdated browser.
            Some features of this website may not work correctly. To get a better experience we strongly recommend you download a new browser for free:
Would you like to follow this project to receive email updates?