You can email taxcompliance@pittsburghpa.gov  or call Taxpayer Services  at 412-255-2525 for more information. 
Yes, the convenience fee is 2.00% of Bill Value + 0.25 per transaction.
This fee will be calculated by JetPay at the time you make your tax payment.
This is a separate fee from the tax payment that is paid to JetPay.
The first installment is due by the last day of February.
The second installment is due by the last day of April.
The third installment is due by the last day of July.
If you fail to pay your taxes and you owe taxes for at least one prior year, the City, School District of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Library will file a lien through Jordan Tax Service against your property.
Your property can also be sold in a Treasurer’s Sale for the tax delinquency.
We strongly urge you to contact Jordan Tax Service at 412-345-7960 to make payment arrangements to avoid this possibility.
The 2022 School District Real Estate Tax rate is 10.25 mills.
The 2022 Carnegie Library Real Estate Tax rate is 0.25 mills.
City, School and Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh Real Estate Taxes are billed on the fair market value of the property as determined by the Allegheny County Office of Property Assessments.
Yes, you can pay with American Express, Discover Card, Master Card or Visa.
The cost for a debit card is 2.00% of the total bill value +0.25 per transaction. The Electronic Check (E-Check) is a flat fee of $0.50 per transaction.
Click here to pay either credit card or electronic check online.
The City, School District and Carnegie Library offer several tax abatement programs for 
                                            both residential (Act 42) and commercial improvements (LERTA).
Details on these programs can be found in the Abatement Table.
Yes, if you are having difficulty paying your taxes, the City of Pittsburgh does offer payment plans and hardship plans if you qualify.
On November 8, 2011 voters in the City of Pittsburgh overwhelmingly approved a 0.25 mill special tax (equivalent to $25 per year on $100,000 of assessed property) on all taxable real estate in the City of Pittsburgh to be allocated and used only for the operation and maintenance of Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh.
The Carnegie Library tax due is on the same bill as your City and School District property taxes.
Please contact the Department of Public Works Permit Office at 412-255-2370 or  visit OneStopPGH.
Yes, there are two tax relief programs in the City of Pittsburgh:
Address changes can be made over the phone by calling 412-255-2525.
This change is in effect until December 31st of each year.
Permanent address changes must be done through the Allegheny County Treasurer’s office at 412-350-4100.
City of Pittsburgh
Real Estate Tax Dept.,
414 Grant Street
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
In November of 2019, voters in the City of Pittsburgh approved a referendum that amended the City of Pittsburgh Home Rule Charter to establish a trust fund to collect funds for the improvement of the City's parks. The Parks Tax shall be funded, in part, by adding 0.50 mills to the real estate tax rate. The Parks Tax Trust Fund may also receive monies and contributions from additional sources. 
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.