The City of Pittsburgh offers the following options to register your business:
(It is advised to download the New Business Registration and  complete it in Adobe Reader)
1) Online - Please click on the New Business Registration link below, download and save the form as a PDF. Right click and open the form using Adobe Reader. Please complete and sign the form and then email it to registration@pittsburghpa.gov. Please allow up to 5-10 business days for your business to be registered. Your business is NOT registered until you receive a verification letter from the Department of Finance.
2) Mailing - Click on the New Business Registration link below, download and save the form as a PDF. Right click and open the form using Adobe Reader. Complete, print and mail the form below to: Registration, City of Pittsburgh, 414 Grant Street RM 207, Pittsburgh, PA 15219-2476 Business Registration Form
3) Walk-in - You can also register your business by coming into the Department of Finance.
Please call 412-255-2525 to have the registration form mailed to you, or to have any questions you have answered.
If your business is already registered with the City of Pittsburgh and you need to make updates to your business information? Complete the Change in Business Status Form
Every person having an office, factory, workshop, branch, warehouse, or other place of business, including banks, schools, hospitals, non-profit, and trade associations, located in the City or outside the City, who, during any tax year, performs work or renders services in whole or in part in the City, who has not previously registered, shall within fifteen (15) days, register with the Treasurer its name and address and shall provide such other information as the Treasurer may require.
-Chapter 258 of the City Code
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.