City Council takes pride in its open form of government and is pleased to provide state-of-the-art technology to assist the public in tracking and retrieving legislation.
Below you will find three tabs: Legislation, Video Streaming, and Meeting Calendar. Please click on each tab and view some information we've assembled about using the LIC.
Note: Official, certified copies can be obtained in person from the City Clerk's Office.
In the LIC, the Legislation page  is a common starting point for users. You may search the legislation database by keyword, by year, by type, and more by means of an advanced search interface (you will see the Advanced Search link to the right of the search controls). More detailed help with searching is available here .
After you initiate a search, your results are returned in rows below the search interface. Legislative File numbers are hyperlinked to Detail pages.
A Legislative Detail page contains a wealth of information about a specific piece of legislation - sponsors, titles, committee of control, etc. Any attachments to the legislation are available here.
The Legislative Detail page is where you can track Actions taken as the file moves through the legislative process. You can see how votes were cast by clicking Action Details. All details of the meeting are linked to - click Meeting Details.
After meetings take place, the City Clerk's office works hard to edit and archive Meeting Video. When the video clip has been archived, you will find a link on the Legislative Detail page. For more help with video, please go to the Video Streaming tab above.
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.