The City and School District of Pittsburgh have a contract with Jordan Tax Services for the collection of delinquent City and School District real estate taxes. All listed delinquencies are collected and serviced by Jordan Tax Services. Please contact them at (412) 345-7960 for total amounts due. 
The information appearing on this website has been provided by the Real Estate Division of the Department of Finance of the City of Pittsburgh and The Pittsburgh School District solely for the benefit and convenience of the taxpayer/owner, and is not intended for any other use or purpose.
Although the information provided on this website will be periodically updated, any such changes will be made no more than once per week.
The user is cautioned that this website may not correctly identify the current owner(s) of record of a parcel of real property if title to a parcel has been transferred and the City of Pittsburgh has not yet been officially notified of said transfer and the identity(ies) of the new owner(s) by the Office of Property Assessments of Allegheny County.
The amounts shown as delinquent City of Pittsburgh and/or School District of Pittsburgh real estate taxes are based upon assessment information provided to the City by the Office of Property Assessments. Therefore, said amounts may not reflect increases or reductions in taxes resulting from assessment appeals which have been decided by the Board of Property Assessment Appeals and Review or the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County if the City has not yet received formal written notice of said assessment changes from the Office of Property Assessments. If the amount of the City and School Delinquency is less than $50.00 the account may not be displayed. In addition, the amounts shown as delinquent City of Pittsburgh and School District of Pittsburgh real estate taxes may not reflect payments on accounts which have been made after the date that this website was last updated or which have not yet been processed.
The taxpayer/owner is encouraged to notify the Real Estate Division of the Department of Finance if the taxpayer/owner believes that any of the information appearing on this website is incorrect or incomplete. Such notice should be in writing and should be forwarded to:
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.