The Community Development Block Grant program, abbreviated to CDBG, is funding from the Federal Government that goes to local governments like the City of Pittsburgh. Congress allocates CDBG funds from the federal budget, and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) manages the program nationally. CDBG funds must be used to benefit people with low to moderate incomes.
The Community Development Division is responsible for the administration of the CDBG program for the City of Pittsburgh. Serving as a catalyst for development in the City's neighborhoods, this program distributes grants for a wide range of projects which address the housing, economic, and human service needs of low and moderate income residents and neighborhoods. The City uses CDBG funds for general public improvement projects such as sidewalk repairs and demolishing vacant buildings. Funds are also awarded to local nonprofit organizations as Public Service Grants or Neighborhood Economic Development Grants. 
HUD has a library of resources available on their Explore CDBG page, designed to help community develpment professionals leverage grant funds effectively. For a deeper dive in the regulations that the City of Pittsburgh must follow you can view HUD's CDBG Entitlement Program Eligibility Requirements.
To receive Community Development Division mailings, applications, and notices,sign up for our mailing list sign up for our mailing list! 
Construction, Improvements, and Labor Compliance   


Community Development Block Grants funds are also used to make improvements and to construct public facilities:

Water and sewer facilities
Streets
Neighborhood centers
Recreational improvements.

The Community Development Administration Department is responsible for oversight of federal labor laws and regulations.
For Labor Compliance issues and questions related to construction and improvements, please contact: Kelly Russell at kelly.russell@pittsburghpa.gov or 412-255-2667.




Community Development Block Grants funds are also used to make improvements and to construct public facilities:
The Community Development Administration Department is responsible for oversight of federal labor laws and regulations.
For Labor Compliance issues and questions related to construction and improvements, please contact: Kelly Russell at kelly.russell@pittsburghpa.gov or 412-255-2667.
City Directory
Open Gov Portal
Policies
Press Releases
Website Release Notes
Accessibility

311
Contract Bids
Dog Licenses
Online Shelter Permit
Tax Info
OneStopPGH

Boards, Authorities, Commissions
City Clerk's Office
City Council
Controller's Office
Mayor's Office
Public Safety

Tonight, the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation.
For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building, please reach out to the Office of the Mayor.