A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
Pittsburgh Steelers long snapper Christian Kuntz (46) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety DeShon Elliott (25) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Miles Killebrew (28) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Calvin Anderson (67) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Calvin Austin III (19) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Scotty Miller (13) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Terrell Edmunds (38) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Kyle Allen (4) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Roman Wilson (10) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Payton Wilson (41) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick (39) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers center Ryan McCollum (62) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Dan Moore Jr. (65) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Russell Wilson (3) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers punter Corliss Waitman (8) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Montravius Adams (57) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Isaac Seumalo (73) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Damontae Kazee (23) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers guard Mason McCormick (66) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Larry Ogunjobi (99) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Donte Jackson (26) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Darnell Washington (80) and Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive lineman Dean Lowry (94) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Aaron Shampklin (33) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback James Pierre (42) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Larry Ogunjobi (99) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Patrick Queen (6) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Max Scharping (64) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive end DeMarvin Leal (98) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Keeanu Benton (95) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Van Jefferson (11) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Isaiahh Loudermilk (92) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Van Jefferson (11) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Beanie Bishop Jr. (31) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Keeanu Benton (95) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jonathan Ward (35) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Rodney Williams (87) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers outside linebacker Jeremiah Moon (49) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Mark Robinson (93) prior to a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 4 game against the Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 3 game against the Los Angeles Chargers at Acrisure Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 2 game against the Denver Broncos at Empower Field
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 1 game against the Atlanta Falcons at Mercedes Benz Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 3 preseason game against the Detroit Lions at Ford Field
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 2 preseason game against the Buffalo Bills at Acrisure Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 1 preseason game against the Houston Texans at Acrisure Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 18 game against the the Baltimore Ravens at M&T Bank Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 17 game against the the Seattle Seahawks at Lumen Field
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 16 game against the Cincinnati Bengals at Acrisure Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 15 game against the the Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 14 game against the New England Patriots at Acrisure Stadium