Patrick Queen, George Pickens, Donte Jackson, Dan Moore Jr., and Joey Porter Jr. speak to the media following practice on Wednesday, September 18
Justin Fields spoke with the media following the Steelers' 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
T. J. Watt spoke with the media following the Steelers' 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following his team's 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
Watch the highlights from the Steelers Week 5 matchup with the Dallas Cowboys
TE Pat Freiermuth hauls in a 6-yard pass from QB Justin Fields for the touchdown
CB Joey Porter Jr. intercepts Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's deep pass
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk denies K Brandon Aubrey's 38-yard field goal attempt
LB T.J. Watt slams Cowboys QB Dak Prescott to the grass for a 7-yard sack
TE Connor Heyward punches in 16-yard touchdown pass from QB Justin Fields
CB Donte Jackson picks off Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's pass to keep the Cowboys out of the end zone
LB Nick Herbig and LB T.J. Watt team up to sack Cowboys QB Dak Prescott, force the fumble, and recover the ball
Listen to T.J. Watt's 100th career sack in Spanish, courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team.
K Chris Boswell ties the game with a 41-yard field goal in the first quarter.
Snoop Dogg leads the pregame Towel Twirl prior to the Sunday Night Football game vs the Cowboys
The Pittsburgh Steelers take on the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday night at Acrisure Stadium
Coach Mike Tomlin and Bob Pompeani give you the keys to a Steelers victory over the Cowboys on Sunday night
Rob, Dale and Matt preview Sunday night's game between the Steelers and Cowboys including which matchups might decide the game
Merril Hoge breaks down tape from Cowboys games to get you ready for Sunday Night Football
Take a deep dive into the history of the Steelers and Cowboys rivalry
On Friday, the Steelers held Steelers Style 2024, benefiting the UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program, Cancer Bridges, and the Chuck Noll Foundation
T.J. Watt, Isaac Seumalo, and Darnell Washington speak to the media following practice on October 4
Justin Fields and Russell Wilson spoke to the media on Thursday, October 3rd
Cameron Heyward and Najee Harris spoke to the media on Thursday, October 3rd