The Steelers Stillhouse was developed to celebrate the rich distilling history of our region and the rich football history of our franchise. Together, with our distilling partners, we will bring Steelers Nation a collection of limited-edition, commemorative spirits on an annual basis that we hope will become the drink of choice whenever you choose to celebrate your Pittsburgh Steelers. Whether that's tailgating, in your home or at Acrisure Stadium, we are excited to be able to bottle up the fandom.
Each month, the first 150 customers to spend at least $100 exclusively on Stillhouse branded spirits from Boyd & Blair, Hidden Still Spirits or Noire Distillery will receive a free limited-edition rocks glass while supplies last.
A new rocks glass will be available each month of the season (a total of 5), and each will feature an element that commemorates the 1974 World Championship win.
If you are not among the first 150 fans to spend $100 with Boyd & Blair, Hidden Still Spirits or Noire Distillery, you could still win signed Steelers merchandise all month long.
Few things can live up to the legacy of the 1974 World Championship Steelers or the best defensive line in the history of the game. But we can forever immortalize both with the introduction of Boyd & Blair Steel Curtain Vodka and Boyd & Blair Steel Curtain Rum. The distillery of our hometown hero Boyd & Blair is a mere seven miles north of Acrisure Stadium and is run by lifelong Steeler fans and native Pittsburghers, Barry and Jen Young (Duquesne and Pitt alums, respectively) using only the finest Pennsylvania potatoes and locally-sourced molasses. Both the vodka and rum are award winners many times over, but the Potato Vodka made history by being named #1 Vodka by the "Ultimate Spirits Challenge" three times, beating out every other vodka brand globally! Standing side-by-side, the limited edition pair form the Steelers' famous hypocycloid logo and each bottle comes individually numbered. Begin your collection and raise a glass to the legendary Steel Curtain.
Hidden Still Spirits is a proud partner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and excited to bring to life our Limited Edition Straight Bourbon Whiskey as a member of the Steelers Stillhouse.
Fifty years ago, the Pittsburgh Steelers won their first championship that began a dynasty in the league. The Steelers continue to strive for consistency and patience in creating a winning standard: a mantra that mirrors the same dedication as Hidden Still Spirits. At Hidden Still, we take great pride to showcase our standard, where years of development go into each barrel, and into each bottle of quality straight bourbon whiskey.
Noire Distillery was founded on Juneteenth 2022, launching Pittsburgh's first Black-owned distilling company. Spearheaded by founder Kenyan Hicks, Noire Distillery is a Gin-forward craft distillery dedicated to encapsulating the essence of culture through its exceptional spirits. With a philosophy rooted in the belief that food and drink are integral to sharing who we are, Noire Distillery crafts quality spirits that tell a story with every pour. At Noire Distillery, each glass is more than a drink—it's culture, distilled.
During the season, the Steelers Stillhouse mobile hub will be popping up around the region at different Giant Eagle and Market District locations offering a chance to purchase this year's commemorative bottles and RTDs from Boyd & Blair, Hidden Still Spirits and Noire Distillery.
These pop-up events will be held twice a month on Saturdays throughout the season.
The first 100 customers to purchase at least $100 worth of Stillhouse products from Boyd & Blair, Hidden Still Spirits or Noire Distillery will receive a free limited-edition rocks glass with their purchase. Look for a new rocks glass featuring a different tribute to the 1974 World Championship win each month of the season (for a total of 5 unique glasses).
Check back regularly as we add more dates to the calendar. Please note – this schedule is subject to change.