His 1.5 sacks vs. Dallas put him on an NFL list only behind Reggie White
Coach Mike Tomlin, linebacker T.J. Watt and quarterback Justin Fields give their take on the loss to the Cowboys
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following his team's 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
Play YinzChat for a chance to win a Pat Freiermuth signed jersey!
Play and win with YinzChat's Regular Season Challenge! Starting on Tuesday, September 3rd and continuing each week throughout the 2024 regular season, answer trivia questions during the week, along with predictive questions on gamedays for your chance to win weekly prizes and season-long grand prize! This week's prize is a Pat Freiermuth signed jersey
Celebrate the 50th anniversary of Super Bowl IX in with members of the 1974 team at our Alumni Weekend Dinner, Saturday, October 19th!
Let's paint Las Vegas Black & Gold! Meet us on the road on Saturday, Oct. 12 before we go head-to-head against the Raiders!
We need your help on college campuses! As a Student Rush ambassador, you'll have the chance to win sideline passes, game tickets, autographed items, and gift cards each month during the season. All you have to do is refer the most college students to our program!
Already a Student Rusher? Text 'REFER' to (888) 412-4469 for your personalized referral link.
Not signed up yet? Text 'STUDENT' to (888) 412-4469 to get started!
Each month, the first 150 customers to spend at least $100 exclusively on Stillhouse branded spirits from Boyd & Blair, Hidden Still Spirits or Noire Distillery will receive a free limited-edition rocks glass while supplies last.
A new rocks glass will be available each month of the season (a total of 5), and each will feature an element that commemorates the 1974 World Championship win.
If you are not among the first 150 fans to spend $100 with Boyd & Blair, Hidden Still Spirits or Noire Distillery, you could still win signed Steelers merchandise all month long.
Our platform for the best female fans in the NFL is back for another season! Women of Steel has even more content and surprises for you in store this year. Make sure to learn more or subscribe to our quarterly newsletter – Women of Steel Insider!
Los Pittsburgh Steelers cayeron 20 - 17 contra los Dallas Cowboys 
Listen to T.J. Watt's 100th career sack in Spanish, courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team.
Únete a nosotros en nuestra Siempre Steelers Watch Party en Monterrey . Learn more >>>
Los Steelers recibieron a cerca de 400 aficionado mexicanos en Acrisure Stadium la noche antes del juego.
The Steelers welcomed fans from Mexico and Spain for an appreciation party at Acrisure Stadium prior to the Sunday night game
Semana de rivalidad histórica, los Pittsburgh Steelers reciben a los Dallas Cowboys en Acrisure Stadium.
Los Pittsburgh Steelers perdieron 24 - 27 ante los Indianápolis Colts en el partido de la semana 4
Los Steelers de visita en Indianápolis, buscarán su cuarta victoria consecutiva
Los Pittsburgh Steelers derrotaron 20-10 a los Chargers mantienen el invicto y el liderato de la División 
Listen to Calvin Austin's fourth quarter touchdown in Spanish, courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team.
Listen to T.J. Watt's fourth quarter sack in Spanish, courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team.
Listen to Justin Fields' first half touchdown run in Spanish, courtesy of the team's Spanish audio broadcast team.
Watch the highlights from the Steelers Week 5 matchup with the Dallas Cowboys
TE Pat Freiermuth hauls in a 6-yard pass from QB Justin Fields for the touchdown
CB Joey Porter Jr. intercepts Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's deep pass
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk denies K Brandon Aubrey's 38-yard field goal attempt
LB T.J. Watt slams Cowboys QB Dak Prescott to the grass for a 7-yard sack
TE Connor Heyward punches in 16-yard touchdown pass from QB Justin Fields
CB Donte Jackson picks off Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's pass to keep the Cowboys out of the end zone
LB Nick Herbig and LB T.J. Watt team up to sack Cowboys QB Dak Prescott, force the fumble, and recover the ball
Listen to T.J. Watt's 100th career sack in Spanish, courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team.
K Chris Boswell ties the game with a 41-yard field goal in the first quarter.
Snoop Dogg leads the pregame Towel Twirl prior to the Sunday Night Football game vs the Cowboys
T.J. Watt, Isaac Seumalo, and Darnell Washington speak to the media following practice on October 4
Justin Fields and Russell Wilson spoke to the media on Thursday, October 3rd
Cameron Heyward and Najee Harris spoke to the media on Thursday, October 3rd
Spencer Anderson and Donte Jackson speak to the media on September 30
TJ Watt, Mason McCormick and Cordarrelle Patterson spoke to the media on Friday, September 27
Justin Fields, Cam Heyward, and Najee Harris spoke to the media on Thursday, Sept. 26
George Pickens, Darnell Washington, Mason McCormick, and Roman Wilson speak to the media following practice on September 25
Broderick Jones and Miles Killebrew speak to the media on Monday, September 23
T.J. Watt and Spencer Anderson speak to the media following practice September 20
Cameron Heyward, Darnell Washington, and Roman Wilson spoke with the media as the team prepares for a Week 3 matchup against the Chargers
Patrick Queen, George Pickens, Donte Jackson, Dan Moore Jr., and Joey Porter Jr. speak to the media following practice on Wednesday, September 18
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following his team's 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke to the media on Tuesday, October 1st
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following his team's 27-24 loss to the Colts
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke to the media on Tuesday September 24
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following his team's 20-10 win over the Chargers
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke to the media following the Steelers' 13-6 win over the Broncos
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following practice on the QB position, offensive line duties
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke to the media following the Steelers 18-10 victory over the Falcons on the road
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following practice leading up to the game against the Falcons
Coach Mike Tomlin meets with the media to talk about the teams upcoming game against the Atlanta Falcons
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following his team's 24-17 loss to the Lions
This episode features exclusive access to the Steelers 3-0 start, Pat Freiermuth on his new contract and Nick Herbig's performance against the Chargers
This episode features Patrick Queen's second love, Elandon Roberts mic'd and the rebuilt offensive line
This episode features Calvin Austin III's trip to training camp, Russell Wilson and the Steelers annual Friday Night Lights practice
This episode features a behind-the-scenes look at Coach Tomlin talking to the team as well as highlights from OTAs and minicamp
Watch a clip from the next episode of The Standard as Coach Mike Tomlin addresses the team prior to the final minicamp practice
This episode features exclusive access with the Steelers draft picks, Troy Polamalu at the Resilience Bowl, and more behind-the-scenes
This episode features exclusive access with Omar Khan and Coach Tomlin at Pro Days, Pittsburgh native & scout Jim Ward, and a Kicking Clinic in Ireland
This episode features exclusive access at the NFL scouting combine, free agents arriving in Pittsburgh and legendary broadcaster Bill Hillgrove
This episode features exclusive access at the Senior Bowl, Walter Payton Man of the Year Cameron Heyward, and much more
This episode features multiple players recapping the 2023 season and scouts on the road evaluating college talent
This episode features Steelers Legends in Ireland, Walter Payton Man of the Year nominee Cam Heyward, and cornerback Patrick Peterson
This episode features safety Elijah Riley and quarterbacks coach Mike Sullivan on their military service with the U.S. Army
Watch the highlights from the Steelers Week 5 matchup with the Dallas Cowboys
TE Pat Freiermuth hauls in a 6-yard pass from QB Justin Fields for the touchdown
CB Joey Porter Jr. intercepts Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's deep pass
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk denies K Brandon Aubrey's 38-yard field goal attempt
LB T.J. Watt slams Cowboys QB Dak Prescott to the grass for a 7-yard sack
TE Connor Heyward punches in 16-yard touchdown pass from QB Justin Fields
CB Donte Jackson picks off Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's pass to keep the Cowboys out of the end zone
LB Nick Herbig and LB T.J. Watt team up to sack Cowboys QB Dak Prescott, force the fumble, and recover the ball
Listen to T.J. Watt's 100th career sack in Spanish, courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team.
K Chris Boswell ties the game with a 41-yard field goal in the first quarter.
Snoop Dogg leads the pregame Towel Twirl prior to the Sunday Night Football game vs the Cowboys
SNR is a 24-hour digital radio station that allows Pittsburgh Steelers fans from all over the world to stay updated on their favorite team, year-round.
The Steelers Audio Network features exclusive audio content throughout the season.
Subscribe to the Steelers official podcasts for free, on-demand access to all the latest news on the Black & Gold.
Pro Shop Exclusives: Exclusive gear and promotions direct from the team store
Take a look at the best photos from the Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
Game action photos from the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
A look at pregame warmups before the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
Photos from Steelers Style benefiting UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program, Cancer Bridges, and the Chuck Noll Foundation
The Steelers prepare for the Week 5 matchup against the Dallas Cowboys
The Steelers prepare for the Week 5 matchup against the Dallas Cowboys
The Steelers prepare for the Week 5 matchup against the Dallas Cowboys
The Steelers hit the runway on Friday night for the annual Steelers Style fashion show
Subscribe to our official YouTube account for full game recaps, behind-the-scenes videos and exclusive long-form team content.
Take a trip down memory lane at the Pittsburgh Steelers Hall of Honor Museum! Unlock access to the moments that paved the way for generations of greatness.
From custom jerseys and terrible towels, to sideline gear and authentic memorabilia, there's something black and gold for every fan at the Steelers Pro Shop store located on Art Rooney Ave at Acrisure Stadium. You will find everything you need to show off your Steelers pride for you and your family. Come experience a shopping environment unlike any other. Get it direct from the Team at the Steelers Pro Shop.
The Steelers Pro Shop is the team-owned store of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Home to a wide jersey selection, on-field apparel, fan supplies & one-of-a-kind game-used memorabilia.