The High School Showcase Game of the Week, presented by Giant Eagle, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and Spread Group, airs on KDKA+., will return for the 2024 season, but it will be bigger and better than ever before as the team continues to build on its support of youth football in the Western Pennsylvania area.
New for this season, the Steelers will elevate the High School Showcase each week by broadcasting the featured game on KDKA+. The program kicks off on August 23 when Montour hosts Central Valley at 7 p.m.
"We're excited to expand the Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week to include a weekly game broadcast on television this fall," said Dan Rooney, Steelers Director of Business Development & Strategy. "Celebrating the game of football - at all levels - is something that is important to us and creating a new platform for one of our flagship youth football programs is another step towards that."
In addition to the broadcast, the Steelers will continue to bring plenty of energy to the game with appearances by a current or former player who will serve as a co-captain each week, along with an appearances by Steely McBeam. The team will also continue to provide live social coverage of the games on its official Youth Football platforms, as well as share a highlights package of each game on those social platforms and on Steelers.com. The games will be further highlighted as part of game entertainment during Steelers home games at Acrisure Stadium.
The Steelers High School Showcase Game of the Week first launched in 2018. The program is one on a list of endeavors the Steelers have undertaken to help in the education and growth of youth football.
For more information and details on coverage of youth and high school football, follow @SteelersYouthFB on X, @steelersyouthFB on Instagram and steelersyouthfb on Snapchat.
The Steelers will be partnering with JRM Video Production and will be featuring the announcing team of Matt Farago, John Petrishen, and sideline reporter Suzie Cool.
High School Showcase Game of the Week, presented by Giant Eagle, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and Spread Group, 2024 Schedule. Games air on KDKA+.
Week 0 – 8/23 – Central Valley at Montour
Week 1 – 8/30 – Plum at Latrobe
Week 2 – 9/6 – Central Catholic at Woodland Hills
Week 3 – 9/13 – Steel Valley at South Park
Week 4 – 9/20 – Aliquippa at Penn Hills
Week 5 – 9/27 – Peters Township at Upper St. Clair
Week 6 – 10/4 – Trinity at Thomas Jefferson
Week 7 – 10/11 – Fort Cherry vs. Bishop Canevin (at Dormont Stadium)
Week 8 – 10/18 – North Catholic at Avonworth
Week 9 – 10/25 – South Fayette at Moon
-- All games kickoff at 7 p.m.
-- Schedule subject to change
The Steelers High School Showcase Game of the Week, presented by Giant Eagle and the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, will return for the 2024 season
See the best moments from the 2023 Steelers High School Football Showcase Games of the Week
Watch a recap of the WPIAL Class 5A and 6A championships at Norwin High School that resulted in the Peters Township Indians (Class 5A) and North Allegheny Tigers (Class 6A) winning the 2023 title
The Gateway Gators took on the Moon Area Tigers in the WPIAL 5A quarterfinals, which was the Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Jalen Elliott and Mike Logan on-hand to catch all of the action
The Belle Vernon Leopards took on the Elizabeth Forward Warriors in Week 9's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Christian Kuntz on-hand to catch all of the action
The Central Valley Warriors took on the West Allegheny Indians in Week 8's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Connor Heyward on-hand to catch all of the action
The Fort Cherry Rangers took on the Cornell Raiders in Week 7's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Elandon Roberts on-hand to catch all of the action
The Bishop Canevin Crusaders defeated the Cornell Raiders in Week 6's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with former Steelers safety Mike Logan on-hand to catch all of the action
The Mars Fightin' Planets took on the Highlands Golden Rams in Week 5's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Spencer Anderson on-hand to catch all of the action
The Peters Township Indians took on the Upper St. Clair Panthers in Week 4's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Qadree Ollison on-hand to catch all of the action
The Knoch Knights took on the Southmoreland Scotties in Week 3's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Elijah Riley on-hand to catch all of the action
The Montour Spartans took on the South Fayette Lions in Week 2's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, with Anthony McFarland Jr. on-hand to catch all of the action
Westinghouse visits Clairton in this week's Steelers High School Football Showcase presented by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Penn Trafford traveled to Pine Richland for the WPIAL 5A quarterfinals. Arthur Moats tagged along to showcase the game.
Undefeated teams, Aliquippa and Central Valley, met for a highly anticipated Friday night lights matchup
Keystone Oaks hosted Washington this week and Christian Kuntz and Pressley Harvin III joined to help cover the action
Franklin Regional hosted Hempfield Area in this weeks High School Football Showcase. Former Steeler Arthur Moats joined the Showcase team to cover the action. Audio provided by Westmoreland Sports Network.
Avonworth welcomed Beaver for the Western Pennsylvania Gold Star Game. Pat Freiermuth and Zach Gentry joined the crew to showcase the event.
Mars traveled to Highlands this week for the Steelers High School Football Showcase of the week. Chris Hoke once again came along to cover the big game
Moon high school hosted Fort Cherry vs Our Lady of the Sacred Heart for a Friday night showdown. Wide receiver Cody White and Steelers alumni Derek Moye were alongside the High School Football Showcase team as the action unfolded
Watch a recap of the Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week, Hempfield at Shaler. Audio provided by Westmoreland Sports Network
Bethel Park had a gold out tonight to show their support for childhood cancer awareness month and their very own, Joey Fabus, who lost his fight to cancer in 2015. #JoeyStrong
Aliquippa traveled to Armstrong for a week one match-up that ended in a 28-14 victory in favor of the Quips. Steelers' long snapper, Christian Kuntz, and the Steelers Showcase team were there to cover the action.
Nike and the NFL partnered together to put on the Nike Kickoff Classic
Mt. Lebanon High School head coach, Bob Palko, was named Don Shula NFL High School Coach of the Year at the 2022 Pro Bowl in Las Vegas, Nevada
Steel Valley and Serra Catholic faced each other for the Allegheny Conference title
Steelers High School Football Showcase went to Freeport as they took on North Catholic during their senior night
The most votes ever this season sent the Pittsburgh Steelers High School Football Showcase to Elizabeth Forward as they welcomed Mt. Pleasant.
Mount Lebanon Blue Devils take on the Central Catholic Vikings at home in a conference game
Undefeated teams, tailgates, a DJ and more at the Pittsburgh Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week!
Pine-Richland visits Seneca Valley in this week's Steelers High School Football Showcase presented by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Vote each week for which game you think should be the Steelers Showcase Game of the Week, presented by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Jeannette visits Clairton in this week's Steelers High School Football Showcase presented by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Brentwood visits Burgettstown in this week's Steelers High School Football Showcase presented by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Charleroi visits McGuffey in this week's Steelers High School Football Showcase presented by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
North Hills visits Peters Township in this week's Steelers High School Football Showcase presented by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.