For the second week in a row, the Steelers didn't play anywhere near their best game. And yet the outcome of both of those games came down to a play here or there that, if they had gone the other way, would have resulted in a Pittsburgh victory instead of a defeat.
In Sunday night's 20-17 loss to the Cowboys, there were a number of plays that happened that could have led to a win by the Steelers instead of a defeat.
None were more so than Elandon Roberts' forced fumble on second down with 35 seconds remaining in the game and the Steelers clinging to a 17-13 lead.
Roberts smacked Dallas running back Rico Dowdle at the line of scrimmage on a run from the Pittsburgh 1. Instead of bouncing somewhere a Steelers player could fall on it, it bounded backwards three yards where Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott could fall on it.
"There's a fine line between drinking wine and squashing grapes in our business, and that's an example of it," said Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin. "That ball was on the ground right there in the red area, and that's the difference."
Two plays later on fourth down, Prescott found wide receiver Jalen Tolbert in the left flat with safety DeShon Elliott in coverage for a game-winning touchdown with 20 seconds remaining.
Elliott was inches away from keeping Tolbert out of the end zone, just a host of Steelers were beaten to the loose ball by Prescott by a matter of inches for a recovery that would have decided this game.
"I just hit him and I saw the ball out and I knew I couldn't get to it," said Roberts. "It is what it is."
What it is now is a two-game losing streak that has followed the team's three-game winning streak, leaving the Steelers at 3-2.
Those weren't the only plays that were inches away from being made.
On the Steelers' first possession of the game, Justin Fields overthrew 6-foot-7 in tight end Darnell Washington against 6-foot-1 safety Malik Hooker down the seam on a play that would have at the very least put the ball inside the Dallas 10.
"I think I just threw it too hot to be honest," said Fields. "He's a big body. 28 was pretty tight in coverage, but he didn't have eyes back. So I probably could have put it lower. The worst thing that would have happened was a DPI or incomplete pass, which it was. So I just have to give him more of a chance on that. I told him that."
Later in the game, Fields missed a wide-open Najee Harris by himself down the sideline on a wheel route that would have gone for a score if Fields had seen him.
Defensively, Prescott threaded some passes for first downs on third down that were plays the defense just had to tip its cap to, none greater than a 27-yard throw to CeeDee Lamb along the sideline between two defenders on third-and-14.
But the Cowboys made just enough plays, one more, in fact, than the Steelers to gain the victory.
"I've got to get through the traffic," said Elliott. "They ran a man-beater. The man-beater beat the man. I've got to get through the traffic. I cut somebody else, so I took his man, thinking I could get him. I should have gone over the top. You win some, you lose some. You make some plays and you don't."
The good news is that the Steelers were close enough in the past two weeks to win games in which they didn't play their best. The bad news is that they didn't make the plays necessary to secure the wins.
• The most disappointing thing was that the Steelers didn't do a good job of doing the things that led them to their 3-0 start, most notably playing complimentary football.
The defense had trouble getting off the field. The offense had issues staying on it.
The Cowboys were 9 of 15 on third downs. The Steelers were 3 of 12.
Both teams also converted fourth downs. Dallas did so once, the Steelers did it twice.
Still, when you lose possession downs by a two-to-one margin – in this instance, 10 to 5 – it's going to make it hard to win.
But even with that, much like the loss last week in Indianapolis, this game was there for the Steelers to win – if they just made one more play.
"When you look at this game, there was not a lot of ebbs and flows. It was a little bit of a roller coaster," said Steelers defensive tackle Cam Heyward. "We had good plays, bad plays. I think when you look at this game, you're kicking yourself. We had some golden opportunities. But that's why you play a 17-game season. You learn from your mistakes and get back on the horse. Tip your hat to them. They gutted one out, too. It came down to one play. They were on the right side of it."
• The Cowboys were without edge rushers Micah Parsons and DeMarcus Lawrence, but at least Dallas knew that going into the game and was able to adjust.
The Steelers lost Nick Herbig, who was starting in place of injured Alex Highsmith, in the third quarter. Soon thereafter, they lost Herbig's replacement, DeMarvin Leal to a stinger that was so serious he was immediately ruled out of the game.
Dallas knew its defense could be overmatched if it didn't play keep away from the Steelers because of its issues on its defensive front, where it also lost Marshawn Kneeland, a replacement for Parsons and Lawrence, early in the game.
The Cowboys, who had been averaging just 21 rushing attempts per game over the first four weeks, ran the ball 31 times against the Steelers. Now, those runs averaged just 3.5 yards per carry, but Rico Dowdle was able to hurt the Steelers with some runs as he finished with 20 carries for 87 yards.
In fact, the Cowboys ran the ball 13 times for 45 yards in the fourth quarter while throwing it 11 times with Precsott completing seven for 77 yards.
"We definitely didn't expect them to run the ball in their four-minute offense at the end of the game," said Elliott. "But they probably thought we thought they were going to throw the ball, so they did the opposite. They did it at a high rate efficiently. That's not how we should be playing. That's not us."
Prescott completed enough passes to make that 3.5 yards per carry hold up.
• All of that said, when the defense forces three turnovers and gets three trips inside its own 20 that result in a failure by the opponent to score points as the Steelers did Sunday, getting a strip-sack, interception and blocked field goal, you should win the game.
Some will look at the fact the Cowboys had 445 yards of offense and say the defense didn't play well. But it gave up 20 points.
Game action photos from the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97), Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Larry Ogunjobi (99), Pittsburgh Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick (39), and Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Keeanu Benton (95) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers center Zach Frazier (54) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Aaron Shampklin (33) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) and Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) and Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Aaron Shampklin (33) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Calvin Austin III (19) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) and Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Larry Ogunjobi (99) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Fans during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Keeanu Benton (95) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51)during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jonathan Ward (35) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Keeanu Benton (95) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51)during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers long snapper Christian Kuntz (46) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers punter Corliss Waitman (8) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety DeShon Elliott (25) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Van Jefferson (11) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jonathan Ward (35) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers punter Corliss Waitman (8) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Quez Watkins (16), Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Beanie Bishop Jr. (31) and Pittsburgh Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick (39) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Beanie Bishop Jr. (31) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) and Pittsburgh Steelers safety Terrell Edmunds (38) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Isaac Seumalo (73) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88), Pittsburgh Steelers guard Mason McCormick (66), Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Isaac Seumalo (73) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Darnell Washington (80) and Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Dan Moore Jr. (65) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers guard Mason McCormick (66) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Pittsburgh Steelers during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Aaron Shampklin (33) and Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2)  during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Donte Jackson (26) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Payton Wilson (41), Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Beanie Bishop Jr. (31), and Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Donte Jackson (26) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Donte Jackson (26) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Donte Jackson (26) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Donte Jackson (26) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers center Zach Frazier (54), Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Darnell Washington (80), and Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Isaac Seumalo (73) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Kyle Allen (4) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Kyle Allen (4) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick (39) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Fans during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers kicker Chris Boswell (9) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Commonheart performing at halftime during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Commonheart performing at halftime during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Commonheart performing at halftime during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Kyle Allen (4) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Payton Wilson (41) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24), Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97), and Pittsburgh Steelers safety DeShon Elliott (25) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51), Pittsburgh Steelers long snapper Christian Kuntz (46), and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Mark Robinson (93) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Donte Jackson (26) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jonathan Ward (35) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
A fan during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Fans during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) and Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jonathan Ward (35) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) and Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Isaac Seumalo (73) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Najee Harris (22) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Van Jefferson (11) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers kicker Chris Boswell (9) and Pittsburgh Steelers punter Corliss Waitman (8) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Dan Moore Jr. (65), Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88), Pittsburgh Steelers center Zach Frazier (54) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Brandon Johnson (89) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Patrick Queen (6) and Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Isaiahh Loudermilk (92) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90), Pittsburgh Steelers defensive lineman Dean Lowry (94), and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Elandon Roberts (50) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) and Pittsburgh Steelers center Zach Frazier (54) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick (39) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Karl Roser / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) and Pittsburgh Steelers center Zach Frazier (54) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Pittsburgh Steelers during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers center Zach Frazier (54) and Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers guard Mason McCormick (66), Pittsburgh Steelers center Zach Frazier (54) and Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Arron Anastasia / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers outside linebacker Jeremiah Moon (49) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Patrick Queen (6) and Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Isaiahh Loudermilk (92) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Taylor Ollason / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Joey Porter Jr. (24) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) during a regular season game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Dallas Cowboys, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Jared Wickerham / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The failure of the Steelers offense to stay on the field was too much to overcome. The Steelers had seven possessions in this game in which it recorded two or fewer first downs.
And though Fields attempted some deep passes down the field, particularly early in the game, the Steelers didn't complete any of them.
The Steelers had a 20-yard gain on a screen to Najee Harris and a 28-yard completion to George Pickens.
The Cowboys had eight plays of 15-or-more yards in the passing game.
"We just missed shots and shot ourselves in the foot again," said Fields. "So I don't think we are one of those teams looking for identity. I think we know who we are.
"We're a team that predicates on running the football and staying on schedule in first and second down and then executing on third down, but we just didn't get the job done."
The Steelers also had several false start penalties that made things too difficult - or at least more so than they had to be.
"We moved the ball on that first drive, but we've got to stop doing stupid things," said tight end Pat Freiermuth. "The next drive, we had two offsides in manageable situations where we could have gotten the first first drown and go the drive going. We have to stop kicking our own butts before we can continue."
• Perhaps now that the Steelers made it through a game without a major offensive line injury, that unit will start to settle in.
The Steelers have started four different offensive line combinations in their first five games. They've had four players make their first career NFL start in the first four weeks.
And in this game, rookie Mason McCormick, who had started at left guard last week against the Colts, moved over to the right side in this game to replace James Daniels. Veteran Isaac Seumalo made his first start of the season after sitting out the first four games with a pectoral muscle injury.
The offensive line as a group needs to play better. Now that this looks like the group as it will be moving forward that will start to happen.
• It's a shame the Steelers couldn't pull this win out on a night when T.J. Watt became the first player in team history to record 100 career sacks.
"Like I said all along, especially this year it's not about individual accolades," said Watt. "It's all about wanting to win. Tonight we didn't do enough to get it done."
Watt did his part. He had eight tackles, 1.5 sacks, a tackle for a loss, three quarterback hits and a forced fumble.
But the fact he became the second-fastest player in NFL history to get to 100 sacks behind only Reggie White won't matter to him because the Steelers didn't win the game.
• The communication issues on defense have to get cleaned up.
This is a good defense that can be great - if everyone is on the same page. When they're not, big plays happen.
"I felt we were good going into the game," said Elliott. "But we've got to make sure everyone gets the same call. We have to play with more cohesiveness. Once we do, we'll be a much better team in all three phases."
When there are players running uncovered, a quarterback such as Prescott is going to find them every time.
• This could be the week Tomlin has to make a decision about who his quarterback is going to be moving forward.
Russell Wilson was still limited last week in practice, but did 11-on-11 work for the first time since aggravating his calf injury just a few days before the regular season opener Sept. 8.
Wilson was brought in by the team to be the starting quarterback. Fields was acquired via trade after Wilson was signed when Kenny Pickett balked at Wilson being given what Tomlin called "pole position" to be the starter.
Fields has played well overall, but the team has now lost its past two games.
Could a change at quarterback spark the offense - particularly early in games where the Steelers have struggled?
The coaching staff knows better than anyone how Fields is operating this offense. It also studies the practice tape extensively and can see which quarterback looks better in those settings.
It would be understandable if Tomlin went to Wilson next Sunday against the Raiders if he deems him healthy enough to play. It also would be understandable if he stuck with Fields.
• Dale Lolley is co-host of "SNR Drive" on Steelers Nation Radio. Subscribe to the podcast here: Apple Podcast | iHeart Podcast
• On first-down passing in this game, Fields was 6 of 12 for 49 yards. The Steelers were trying to throw the ball more on first down to try to get the Cowboys from loading up the box to stop the run.
But several of the early attempts were forced downfield shots instead of simply taking what was there.
"There were some more mixed in for sure, but of course, explosive plays also will always help the offense get going and definitely kind of get the offense in a rhythm for sure," Fields said.
And it also helps for the quarterback to get everyone involved early, even if its a short throw.
George Pickens was targeted just twice in the first half. Freiermuth, the team's second-leading receiver coming into the game, wasn't targeted at all in the first two quarters.
Pickens wound up with seven targets, catching three for 21 yards. He also had a drop. Freiermuth, meanwhile, caught all three of his targets for 22 yards. But your top two pass catchers can't be targeted just 10 times in a game.
"I trust the coaching staff and what they've doing," Freiermuth said. "Everyone can complain about a lack of targets but it's the stuff you do without the ball. That's what leaders do, and that's what good teammates do. I fought my butt off regardless. The targets are going to find me as long as I'm going out there and doing my job, whatever is asked from me."
He played two plays in this game when Fields was forced off the field early in the third quarter to be checked out by doctors after taking a late hit that drew a personal foul.
Allen's first play was a handoff to Harris. His second was a 19-yard pass to Freiermuth down the seam that was the Steelers' longest play of the game to that point and the first catch of the game for Freiermuth.
It's not easy to come off the bench cold and make that play.
Steelers are playing strong defense, running the ball in an age-old formula
Though the sack numbers aren't big yet, the Steelers' pass rush is leading the team to wins
A strong defensive effort and solid running game pave the way to victory
After struggling in first two preseason games, Steelers show their big-play ability
Steelers offense struggles against Bills, but some of that is to be expected
The outside linebackers played well, but T.J. Watt is, well, different
Being the tougher team often comes into play against the Ravens, and the Steelers showed they were
Line's play has repercussions not only for offense, but defense, as well