Experience the team back in action at Acrisure Stadium this fall!
Student Rush is back for its sophomore season, offering college students the chance to secure exclusive tickets to each of our home games! Fans with a ".edu" email address who sign up will be the first and only ones notified when tickets become available each game week.
We need your help on college campuses! As a Student Rush ambassador, you'll have the chance to win sideline passes, game tickets, autographed items, and gift cards each month during the season. All you have to do is refer the most college students to our program!  
Already a Student Rusher? Text 'REFER' to (888) 412-4469 for your personalized referral link.  
Not signed up yet? Text 'STUDENT' to (888) 412-4469 to get started!
Message frequency will vary. Message and data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help or STOP to cancel.
*NOTE: You must be a university or college student to join the program. Only 100 tickets available for purchase per game. Subject to change. All Student Rush tickets are non-transferable, non-refundable and standing room only.
Your email address on Ticketmaster.com must be associated with your ".edu" email address.
Frequency of offers varies. Students signed up for the program will receive offers the week of each home game.
Your tickets are Standing Room Only, so feel free to find your favorite view of the game! You can access the Ford Fan Zone, the rotundas, public concourses, concessions and retail areas throughout the stadium. However, your ticket does not grant you access to the seating bowl, section aisles or crosswalks.
While inside Acrisure Stadium, please follow the instruction of all stadium staff and law enforcement.
Your tickets will be sent to your Ticketmaster Account Manager account. A confirmation email will be sent to you after your purchase. Be sure to check your spam folder if you don't see it.
Tickets purchased via text CANNOT be resold or refunded. Any other resale or attempted resale without consent of the Pittsburgh Steelers is grounds for seizure or cancellation without refund or other compensation.
Enter through Gate A East, take the rotunda or escalator up one floor, enter the Ford Fan Zone and walk toward the back of the scoreboard!
If you're entering through a different gate, follow the Ford Fan Zone directional signage throughout the stadium.
Tickets are not printable. All you need is the digital ticket on your phone.
All tickets will be delivered to the phone that registers. If you purchase two tickets, for example, both tickets will be delivered to your phone and sent to your Account Manager ticketing account. You and your guest will need to enter the building and scan in together.
Yes, different people can attend each game, but the primary account holder must be present because the tickets are only accessible through the mobile device of the primary account holder via their Account Manager digital ticketing account.
Visit the Ticket Office windows on gameday starting 3 hours prior to kickoff, located at the corner of W. General Robinson and Art Rooney Avenue, and a representative will assist you.
*You must have a valid photo ID to be issued tickets from the Ticket Office.