To complete a private transfer of your stadium seat license, please read the transfer request policy below and complete the required transfer forms provided on this page. Transfer requests will not be completed by our office until all required transfer forms and documents are received. Transfer requests will not be accepted via phone, email or fax.
1. Transfer Forms – Transfer Requests must be submitted on a Pittsburgh Steelers Seat License Transfer Form. Transfer Requests will not be accepted by phone or email.
2. Transfer Fee – As of May 1, 2010, there will be a $50 transfer fee for each Transfer Request, payable by check or money order only. Checks/money orders should be made payable to the Pittsburgh Steelers. *As of June 15, 2019, in the case of death of the Season Ticket Holder of record, the $50 transfer fee does not apply.
3. Completed Forms – The Transfer Form must be completed in its entirety. Incomplete Transfer Forms will be returned to the Transferor.
4. One Transferee Per Request – Only one Transferee can be named on a Transfer Form. If you are transferring seat licenses to more than one Transferee, a separate Transfer Form must be submitted for each Transferee.
5. Signatures and Photo Identification – The Transfer Form must be signed and dated by the current license holder (as Transferor) and by the person to whom the seat license is being transferred (as Transferee). Transferor and Transferee must each submit a current and valid copy of his/her driver's license or another form of government issued photo identification.
6. Transferor's Account Must Be Current and in Good Standing – In order to qualify for a seat license transfer, Transferor's account must be current and in good standing with no outstanding balances. Transfer Requests will not be processed until the Pittsburgh Steelers have received full payment of all outstanding balances due on Transferor's Account.
7. Transferee Seat License Agreement – The transfer will not be completed until Transferee signs and returns a new seat license agreement which will be issued in Transferee's name, a new account number is assigned to Transferee, and the transfer is recorded on the books of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Transferee will be notified in writing when the transfer is effective. Until the effective date, Transferor will remain the holder of the seat license(s).
8. Obtaining Transfer Forms - Transfer Forms can be obtained by downloading the PDF version of the Pittsburgh Steelers Seat License Transfer Form.
9. Credit Card Balance Refunds – Credit balances remaining in discontinued accounts will be refunded to Transferor within six (6) to ten (10) weeks of transfer completion. The Pittsburgh Steelers will not transfer money between accounts.
10. Responsibility for Ticket Delivery – For Transfer Requests received after season tickets have been sent to the current license holder, the Pittsburgh Steelers will not be responsible for delivering tickets to the Transferee. The Pittsburgh Steelers shall have no liability for claims of entitlement to tickets as between Transferee and Transferor.
11. Date Limitations of Transfer Request Submissions –Transfer Requests for the current season must be submitted prior to April 15 of that year. All Transfer Requests submitted after the deadline will not take effect until the following season.
12. Limitation on Number of Transfers Per Year – A seat license may not be transferred more than once per calendar year, except in the case of death of the license holder or at the sole discretion of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
13. No Joint-Ownership of Seat Licenses – There shall be no joint-ownership of any seat license. There may only be one license holder for a given seat at any given time.
14. Transfer Resulting from Death of a Seat License Holder – In addition to all other items required for processing a Transfer Request, the following requirements must be met: (1) a certified copy of the death certificate of the deceased license holder must be submitted; (2) the Transfer Form must be signed by the Executor/Executrix of the deceased license holder's estate or the Administrator of the deceased license holder's assets; and (3) the Executor/Executrix/Administrator must submit official evidence of his/her capacity. In the case of an Executor/Executrix, a short certificate, bearing a raised seal, must be submitted; in the case of an Administrator, Letters of Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or a Decree from Orphans' Court, bearing a raised seal, must be submitted.
15. Transfer of Seat Licenses Owned in Business Name – For seat licenses held in the name of a corporation, partnership or sole proprietorship, the Transfer Form must be signed by an authorized official of Transferor and must be accompanied by appropriate legal documentation (e.g., corporate resolutions, partnership authorizations, merger papers, officer's certificate) showing his/her authority to transfer ownership of the seat licenses.
16. Handicap Accessible or Wheelchair Seating – Transfer Requests involving handicap accessible or wheelchair seating must be designated as such on the Transfer Form and will be handled by the Steelers on a case-by-case basis.
17. Estimated Time for Completion of the Transfer Process – Please allow at least six (6) to eight (8) weeks from the time Transfer Request processing begins for the Transfer Request to be completed.
18. Stadium Tours Unavailable – The Pittsburgh Steelers will not conduct or permit stadium tours related to the transfer of seat licenses.
19. Changes in Transfer Policy – The Terms and Conditions of this Transfer Policy, Restrictions and Guidelines are subject to change without notice.