To learn more about the way we use your data for interest-based advertising and share your geolocation data with third party advertisers, please see Section 5, Interest-Based Advertising
NFL Enterprises LLC, the National Football League, the League's thirty-two member clubs ("Member Clubs"), and the other members of the NFL Family (collectively, "NFL," "we," "our," "us") respect your privacy and value your trust and confidence. This privacy notice (the "Privacy Notice") applies to our websites, mobile applications, and other offline or online and mobile services that link to or post this Privacy Notice (collectively, the "Services"), and explains how we collect, use, and disclose information through the Services.
It is our policy to comply with applicable privacy laws and data protection laws, and so our privacy practices may vary depending on where you live. Please see the region-specific disclosures and applicable supplemental notices for more information relevant to data collected in certain regions and by individual member clubs. By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the terms of this Privacy Notice. Please note that this Privacy Notice does not apply to information collected in employment or job applicant contexts. For information about data handling practices in these contexts, please refer to the applicable privacy notices or seek more information from the relevant NFL entity. Likewise, this Privacy Notice does not apply to products and services that link to a separate privacy notice instead of this Privacy Notice.
Please also note that in some instances, we may direct you to a site or page that is operated by one of our partners or use framing techniques to serve you content from partners while preserving the look and feel of our website. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Services, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by such partners.
Information Collection
Use of Information
Disclosure of Information
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Interest-Based Advertising
Your Other Choices
Social Networking
Links to Other Websites
Data Security and Data Integrity
Data Transfers
Data Retention
Children's Privacy
Communications Preferences and Access
Data Subject Rights
NFL Events
Changes To This Privacy Notice
Contact Us
California Users
International Users
Supplemental Disclosures for the Pittsburgh Steelers
We may collect some or all of the following types of information, some of which may be considered sensitive information, including when you register with us, use our Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, participate in surveys, create a profile, access various content or features, submit comments or content, use a send-to-a-friend feature, attend events, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
If you decide not to provide this information, it may limit our ability to provide the Services or some of our content.
We also may collect internet and electronic network activity information, device identifiers, and information about your use of the Services automatically when you visit or use the Services, including:
In addition to information we receive from you and collect automatically, we may receive information about you from other members of the NFL Family and from other sources, such as your friends, social networks, publicly available sources, data brokers, advertising partners, and our business partners and sponsors, including to facilitate co-branded programs. We may combine this data with information we already have about you, including to create inferences about you and your personal preferences.
We may use information that we collect about you for a variety of purposes, including to:
We may disclose each of the categories of personal information described above with others for the purposes described above, including as follows:
Please also note that if you choose to engage in public activities on the Services, such as through interactive features like a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool, you should be aware that the information you share there will be publicly available and can be read, collected, or used by other users of these features. You may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
We and others use cookies and similar technologies such as beacons, tags, HTML5 local storage, and scripts, to collect information from your browser or device. By using the Services, you acknowledge the use of cookies and similar technologies on the Services, subject to the cookie-related choices we make available to you and, where required by law, your additional consent.
To disable optional cookies, please utilize the Cookie Settings of the applicable website. Additional choices, including with respect to Interest-Based Advertising, are described below under Section 5, Interest-Based Advertising and Section 6, Your Other Choices.
You also may be able to reject cookies and similar technologies through your browser settings. If you reject cookies through your browser settings, you may still use our Services, but your ability to use certain features may be limited.
We partner with third party advertisers, as well as analytics and measurement partners, to serve and display advertising on the Services and elsewhere online across different sites and services.  
These partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies on the Services and elsewhere online to collect and share information about your activities across different websites, mobile applications, and services to provide you with relevant advertising ("Interest-Based Advertising" or "IBA"). For example, we may conduct analysis on your behavior in order to provide you with Interest-Based Advertising both on and off the Services. We may also disclose non cookie-based information, such as aggregate information (e.g., demographics and usage statistics) to third parties for advertising purposes, including for Interest-Based Advertising. To serve and display advertising relevant to your location, the Services may also track your device's precise geolocation by responding to beacons or inaudible signals sent to your device's microphone. This is typically done based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.  
 You can opt out of receiving some type of ads and third-party collection of data for IBA from your device across unaffiliated services by managing your preferences at https://youradchoices.com/control.
You can also manage third-party cookies that collect data from NFL-affiliated websites and mobile applications for Interest-Based Advertising  by setting your preferences on the website, mobile application, or other service via "Privacy Settings" or "Cookie Settings."
As noted previously, we may disclose your geolocation information, including precise geolocation information, to service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf and to third parties so that they may provide you with geographically relevant advertising. 
If you wish to stop the further collection of your geolocation information for IBA, please opt-out using your device settings, as noted below:
To opt out of the tracking of your device geolocation and/or precise geolocation data, please visit your device settings. Turning off access to geolocation and precise geolocation data may disable or interfere with certain functionality or services.
For Android users, please see the following link for instructions on how to opt-out of or withdraw consent to geolocation data collection from your settings https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/6179507?hl=en. 
For iOS users, please see the following link for instructions on how to opt-out of or withdraw consent to geolocation data collection from your settings https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207092.
The NFL adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Interest-Based Advertising.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information and the sharing or processing of personal information for Interest-Based Advertising purposes. You can exercise these opt-out choices by visiting "Privacy Settings" or "Cookie Settings."
If you wish to opt out of the sale or sharing for Interest-Based Advertising of online data through the use of cookies, please utilize the Cookie Settings of the applicable website. Our websites also support the Global Privacy Control ("GPC"), which is a browser-based opt-out preference signal that can communicate your opt-out to the websites you visit. For more information on how the GPC works, visit their website here. Because the GPC is browser-based, note that your choices will be tied to online data that is associated with your browser, and you should enable the signal separately for each browser and/or device from which you would like to be opted out.
Note that we do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
You may also have additional choices available to you, such as certain vendor-specific choices, including:
Do-Not-Track Signals: Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
The NFL works with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Services. For example, you can use third-party social networking services to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Services. These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies. If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services. Your interactions with those social networking services are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant service.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, or Snapchat) to an account through our Services. This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign into certain features on our Services. If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Notice.
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under our control or maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. This Privacy Notice does not apply to this third-party content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
The security and confidentiality of your personal information is very important to the NFL. We have implemented technical and organizational safeguards designed to appropriately protect your personal information against accidental, unauthorized, or unlawful access, use, loss, destruction, or damage. Still, no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
When we transfer your personal information to third parties as described in this Privacy Notice, some of these parties may be located in countries other than your own, such as the United States, whose privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to those in your country of residence. When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we apply appropriate safeguards, to protect your information in accordance with applicable laws. For example, some NFL entities implement measures such as standard data protection contractual clauses to ensure that any transferred personal information remains protected and secure. A copy of these clauses can be obtained by emailing enquiries@nfl.com. If you would like to know more about the processing of your personal information and whether your personal information is transferred to a third country, please contact us using any of the methods described in Contact Us.
We will retain your information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, considering criteria such as applicable rules on statute of limitations, any legal requirements to retain your personal information in light of compliance obligations, any relevant litigation or regulatory investigations and to enable the NFL to defend or bring potential legal claims, the sensitivity of the relevant information, and the duration of your use of the Services.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children as defined by local law. If we learn that a child has provided us with personal information, we will delete it or otherwise comply with applicable law.
You may choose to receive promotional emails, text messages, newsletters, push notifications, and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from the applicable Member Club or other members of the NFL Family by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial emails you receive. You may opt out of receiving marketing text messages from the applicable Member Club or other member of the NFL Family by replying "STOP." You may also opt out of receiving push notifications by turning off push notifications through your device settings.
If you have multiple accounts or relationships with different Member Clubs or other NFL entities, you may need to opt out separately for each account and relationship in relation to these choices. In addition, if you would like to opt out of receiving push notifications on all of your devices, you must turn off the feature on each device.
Please note that opt-out requests may take some time to be effective where permitted by applicable law. Your opt-out requests will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
You may also have choices available to you to opt out of the collection of your geolocation information, whether collected through location services, Bluetooth, or microphone access technology. Where collected, this information may be used in accordance with local laws to serve and display advertising relevant to your location. To understand your choices and opt out if desired, please visit your device settings.
You may be afforded, in accordance with applicable law, the following rights:
To exercise your access, deletion, and correction rights, please submit your request by visiting our Data Subject Request Portal. California residents may also exercise their rights under applicable law by calling 1-855-265-6894. If you would like to object to, or request the restriction of, processing of your personal information, withdraw your consent, or if you are otherwise not able to submit a request via the portal above or toll-free number, you can contact the NFL by filling out an inquiry here. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.
We reserve the right to deny requests as allowed by applicable law, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent, where your identity cannot be confirmed, or where the NFL must retain your information consistent with applicable law. You can, however, appeal those requests that we deny by submitting a request here.
You may also be afforded, in accordance with applicable law, the right to limit certain uses and disclosures of sensitive personal information. You can exercise this right, if applicable, by clicking the "Your Privacy Choices" link at the footer of our sites or by clicking here. Please note that we may still maintain, use, and disclose your sensitive personal information for certain purposes, such as to provide you with services that you have requested, protect the safety and security of services, and comply with our legal obligations.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you.
Information When You Attend An NFL Event: When you attend an NFL-event or NFL co-hosted event, including NFL games at an NFL stadium or at a third party stadium or other NFL fan events (including events at which a fan mobile pass is utilized) ("NFL Event"), we may capture your image, voice and/or likeness, including through the use of CCTV cameras and/or when we film or photograph you in a public location at an NFL Event. You should therefore expect to be filmed or photographed by CCTV and/or by cameras when you are in a public location at an NFL Event (e.g., as an audience-member in the stadium if you are attending a game). In addition to describing how we capture and use your image, voice and/or likeness in this Privacy Notice, we may also display signs at any NFL Event indicating that you may be filmed or photographed.
We may use your personal information collected at an NFL Event:
Sharing your personal information from an NFL Event: We may disclose your personal information captured at an NFL Event with any of the entities set out in this Privacy Notice, as described in Section 3, Disclosure of Information. Additionally, when you appear in a photograph or film footage at an NFL Event, we may disclose that photograph or film footage containing your image, voice, and/or likeness with our third-party partners. These partners include our sponsors, licensees, advertisers, and/or broadcasters. We will disclose the photographs or film footage containing your image, voice and/or likeness when it is in our legitimate business interests to do so. However, each of the third-party partners may use your personal information for their independent commercial purposes without reference to the NFL.
Please also note that broadcasters and other third parties that are unconnected to the NFL may be independently filming or photographing you when you attend an NFL Event. Although we only give permission to a small group of entities (such as certain broadcasters) to film or photograph NFL Events, these entities are separate data controllers in respect of your personal information, and the NFL is not responsible for how those parties use your personal information and for what purposes.
We may update this Privacy Notice, including any supplemental privacy disclosures, to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the privacy practices of the Services, please contact us by submitting an inquiry here or at the following address:
NFL Digital Media Group
345 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10154
Attn: Website Privacy Notice
For contact information for other members of the NFL Family, click here.
This section provides additional information with respect to personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). This section should be read together with the rest of our Privacy Notice, which includes other important information about our handling of your personal information.
Some of the practices described may not be relevant to you, since the ways we collect, use, and disclose personal information vary based on our relationship with an individual. For information about our retention practices, please click here.
As described further in Section 1, Information Collection, the categories of personal information we collect, and have collected in the prior 12 months, include:
As described further in the Section 2, Use of Information, we process, and have processed over the prior 12 months, personal information for the following business purposes:
Depending on the nature of your relationship with us, and as described further in Section 3, Disclosure of Information, we disclose, and have disclosed over the prior 12 months, each category of personal information to the following:
Please review Section 6, Your Other Choices for more information about the circumstances in which we sell or share personal information, such as internet and electronic network activity information, device identifiers, and other information about your use of the Services we collect automatically when you visit or use the Services, and to exercise your rights to opt out.
If you are a California resident and your personal information is subject to CCPA, then you have certain rights under California law. For more information about the rights you have and how to exercise these rights, please review Section 14, Data Subject Rights.
The metrics below include the aggregate number of requests from consumers to access or delete personal information received by the League for the calendar year 2022. These numbers do not include requests that did not state a valid initial request under California law.
Shine the Light: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, or if you have questions as to how your information is handled in compliance with CCPA, please contact NFL Support or write us at CA Privacy Rights, NFL Digital Media Group, 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154.
This section of the Privacy Notice is supplemental and provides disclosures in addition to those made elsewhere in this Privacy Notice. This supplemental section applies only if you attend an event outside of the United States or use our website or Services otherwise covered by this Privacy Notice from a country that is not the United States, and where the applicable member of the NFL Family is subject to jurisdiction-specific laws.
NFL Enterprises LLC is the data controller for League processing of personal information when you use our website and mobile applications. NFL International LLC is the data controller for League processing of personal information collected when you attend an NFL Event outside of the United States. Member Clubs may also be a data controller for certain club specific executions, and their entities are listed here.
Legal Basis for Data Processing: We process personal information for the specific purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, as described above. Where such concept is recognized, our legal basis to process personal information includes:
- Necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract: When you enter into a transaction with us, we will need to collect, process, and share your personal information. Failure to provide the requisite personal information when entering into such an agreement, objecting to this type of processing, and/or exercising your deletion rights may mean that products and/or services cannot be provided to you.
- Legitimate interest: In certain circumstances we may use your personal information to pursue legitimate interests of our own, but this is provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. This is on the basis of our legitimate interest to:
We consider that it is reasonable for us to process your personal information for achieving our legitimate interests, as outlined above, as:
- Consent: We may, on occasion and where permitted by law, process your personal information based on your consent. For example, we may process sensitive categories of information or send you marketing messages by email with your consent. You may opt out of receiving certain marketing messages by exercising the choices described in Section 13, Communications Preferences and Access. *To the extent our processing is based on consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, please note that the withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
- Compliance with legal obligations: To meet our regulatory and legal obligations, we may need to process some of your personal information.
In some instances, you may be required to provide us with personal information for processing, as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our Services and for you to use all the features of our website.
If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes applicable law.
Except as otherwise prescribed by applicable law, in the event of any inconsistency between the English language version and local language version of this Privacy Notice, the English language version will prevail.
This section provides additional information relevant to Pittsburgh Steelers LLC ("Steelers"), PSSI Stadium LLC, and their affiliates (collectively, "Steelers Group").
This Privacy Notice applies only to personal information collected when you interact with the Steelers football team. For example, this Privacy Notice does not apply when you purchase tickets for or sign up for information about concerts and other events at Acrisure Stadium that do not involve the Steelers football team. For more information about our privacy practices and your choices when you interact with a member of the Steelers Group outside the context of the Steelers football team, please contact the Steelers Group at https://www.steelers.com/legal/contact-us/.
Mexico. This section of our Privacy Policy supplements our Privacy Policy to provide additional information under Mexico's Federal Law on the Protection of Personal Data Held by Private Parties (the "Law"), its regulations and guidelines, and applies only to consumers who reside in Mexico.
Pittsburgh Steelers LLC, located at 3400 South Water Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15203 (the "Steelers"), is the entity responsible for processing your personal information.
Information on the categories of personal information we collect is available under the "Information Collection" section set out above.
Information on the purposes for processing personal information is available under the "Use of Information" and/or "Disclosure of Information" sections set out above. Pursuant to Article 41 of the Law, the primary purposes for processing personal information are to:
The remaining purposes listed under "Use of Information" and/or "Disclosure of Information" are considered secondary purposes under Article 41 of the Law. Although these secondary purposes may not be necessary to provide the Services you request, they allow us to raise the quality and provide you with better Services. You may refuse the processing of your data for these secondary purposes by contacting us at https://www.steelers.com/legal/contact-us/. If you do not state your refusal to the processing of data within five days of data collection, then it shall be understood that you have consented to the processing for these secondary purposes.
Information about data we transfer to third-party recipients is available under the "Use of Information" and/or "Disclosure of Information" sections set out above. Personal information is transferred subject to your consent, except as otherwise permitted under Article 37 of the Law. We will request your express consent before sharing your personal information with business partners for their marketing or other commercial purposes.
Under the Law, residents of Mexico have the rights of access, rectification, cancellation, and opposition ("ARCO Rights"). This means that you have the right to access your personal information and the details of the treatment of your personal information, as well as to rectify it if the information is inaccurate, or instruct us to cancel (i.e., delete) it if you consider it is excessive or unnecessary for the purposes for which it was provided, with the exclusions set forth in Article 26 of the Law, or oppose the treatment of your personal data for specific purposes.
All processing of personal information is subject to your consent, except as otherwise permitted under Article 10 of the Law. Your use of our Services constitutes your tacit consent to processing your personal information. You may revoke your consent at any time. You also have the option to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information.
To exercise your ARCO Rights or to learn more about how to limit the use or disclosure of personal information or to revoke consent, you can contact us either:
By postal mail to:
Pittsburgh Steelers
3400 South Water Street
Pittsburgh, PA 15203
Attn: Privacy Policy
a) Name of the data subject.
b) Data subject's address or e-mail address to communicate the response to your request.
c) Documents to prove you identity or authorization to represent the data subject in the application.
d) Description of the personal data on which it is intended to exercise any ARCO right.
e) Any other element that allows the location of the personal data and attention to the request.
Within a maximum period of 20 business days from the date your request is received, we will communicate you the corresponding resolution. If we find your request as appropriate, it will become effective within 15 business days from the date the resolution was communicated to you. If the request is appropriate, we will request to the corresponding department to comply with your request within 15 business days following the date on which the resolution was communicated to you. The periods of communication of the resolution in which your application is made effective may be extended only once for an equal period of time, provided that the circumstances are justified.
Your request will start to be counted from the day we have received it, as long as it is within our business hours, which are from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm from Monday to Friday. If your request is received outside of business hours or on a holiday, your request will be processed the next business day.