All ten guaranteed home games are included in the season ticket package, from preseason through the final regular season home game.
Seat license fee prices start at $1,250 per seat and will vary depending on location. Seat license fees are a required purchase for all licensed seat locations within Acrisure Stadium.
$5,000 (sections 101 row FF-MM, section 144 row KK-PP, sections 102-107, sections 114-119, sections 126-131, sections 138-143, and sections 217, 218, 227, and 228)
$5,000 (sections 205-207, sections 214-216, sections 229-231, sections 238-240, and all PNC Champions Club sections C148-C150 and FC1-FC5)
A seat license allows the account holder to resell or transfer seat license ownership of seats once he or she no longer wishes to purchase season tickets. For unlicensed seats, season tickets can remain in the account holder's name only. Once the account holder of unlicensed seats no longer wishes to or is no longer able to renew the seats, those seats are returned to the Pittsburgh Steelers. Unlicensed seat locations include sections 519-526, section 219, section 226, and sections 101 rows A-EE and 144 rows A-JJ.
If we have licensed seats available through our office, the seat license fees will be applied to those seat locations. The seat license is a required, one-time, nonrefundable fee, so once it is paid, you are only responsible for purchasing the season ticket package each year.
No, your unlicensed seats will remain in your name for each season as long as you choose to purchase them. Unlicensed seats do not have an associated seat license, so they also do not have a licensed seat owner. Therefore, your unlicensed seats are renewable to you each year.
No, all unlicensed seat locations are and will remain permanently unlicensed.
The Pittsburgh Steelers have a relocation request process for Season Ticket Holders who wish to relocate within Acrisure Stadium. Each Season Ticket Holder becomes eligible to request a relocation after completing one full season with the team. Requests should be submitted to the Steelers by email and can be made for unlicensed or licensed seat locations.
Yes, you are still able to post tickets for sale and transfer individual game tickets through your Account Manager, even if your seats are unlicensed.
Yes, as a season ticket holder, you would have first right of refusal to your seat location for potential postseason games. Each new Season Ticket Holder will receive postseason registration information in mid-August. Postseason games are not a required purchase, but we would love to have you join us at Acrisure Stadium for playoffs!
You will be able to receive two offers while on the Wait List. We cannot guarantee the offers will take place over two consecutive years, but we typically are able to send your second offer within back to back seasons. You would still hold your same position in line, so you do not have to worry about dropping to the bottom of the list. However, if you do decline your second offer, then you will have to re-sign up for the Wait List.
No, once you are a season ticket holder, you will be removed from the Wait List and are no longer eligible to purchase tickets through a Wait List offer. This includes season ticket holders who sign up through the STR Marketplace.
We send offers to members of the Wait List by sign-up date. Wait List members are not assigned a number in line. You will receive an offer in accordance with the date you officially became a member of the Wait List. Always keep your contact information up to date on your Wait List account to ensure that you will receive your emailed offer.
To update your address, please email us at STH@Steelers.com with your current information.