His 1.5 sacks vs. Dallas put him on an NFL list only behind Reggie White
Coach Mike Tomlin, linebacker T.J. Watt and quarterback Justin Fields give their take on the loss to the Cowboys
Take a look at the best photos from the Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
A play here or there could have led to a win. They came up short
Head around the Steelers locker room following the team's 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
Justin Fields spoke with the media following the Steelers' 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
T. J. Watt spoke with the media following the Steelers' 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
Coach Mike Tomlin spoke with the media following his team's 20-17 loss to the Cowboys
He joined the ranks of the most prolific sack-masters in NFL history
Watch the highlights from the Steelers Week 5 matchup with the Dallas Cowboys
TE Pat Freiermuth hauls in a 6-yard pass from QB Justin Fields for the touchdown
CB Joey Porter Jr. intercepts Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's deep pass
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk denies K Brandon Aubrey's 38-yard field goal attempt
LB T.J. Watt slams Cowboys QB Dak Prescott to the grass for a 7-yard sack
TE Connor Heyward punches in 16-yard touchdown pass from QB Justin Fields
CB Donte Jackson picks off Cowboys QB Dak Prescott's pass to keep the Cowboys out of the end zone
Game action photos from the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
LB Nick Herbig and LB T.J. Watt team up to sack Cowboys QB Dak Prescott, force the fumble, and recover the ball
Listen to T.J. Watt's 100th career sack in Spanish, courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team.
K Chris Boswell ties the game with a 41-yard field goal in the first quarter.
Snoop Dogg leads the pregame Towel Twirl prior to the Sunday Night Football game vs the Cowboys
A look at pregame warmups before the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
Find out who won't play today as the Steelers take on the Dallas Cowboys from Acrisure Stadium
A look at player arrivals before the Steelers' Week 5 game against the Dallas Cowboys at Acrisure Stadium
KDKA's Bob Pompeani and Charlie Batch preview the Steelers Week 5 game against the Cowboys
Bob Pompeani and Coach Mike Tomlin talk about the Steelers Week 5 matchup against the Dallas Cowboys and the keys to winning the game
The Pittsburgh Steelers take on the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday night at Acrisure Stadium
Get up to speed on the Steelers Week 5 matchup in Pittsburgh 
The Steelers welcomed fans from Mexico and Spain for an appreciation party at Acrisure Stadium prior to the Sunday night game
Craig Wolfley shares his key matchup in the trenches for Sunday Night's game at Acrisure Stadium
The Steelers prepare for the Week 5 matchup against the Dallas Cowboys
A look at player injuries and practice participation for Week 5
All the news and notes as the Steelers prepare to take on the Dallas Cowboys
Find out what is being said in Dallas ahead of Sunday's nights game against the Cowboys
Two of the NFL's most productive tight ends will take the field Sunday at Acrisure Stadium