Reaching out to area youth: Steelers players were out and about in the community today, using their off day to give back in numerous manners.
Calvin Austin III and Thomas Graham Jr. spent time at Café Momentum, where they met with Liz Ryan, the Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention for the United States.
Café Momentum Pittsburgh is a place where Pittsburghers can go and enjoy fine dining. It also offers a culinary internship to teens 15 to 19 who are justice-involved. Café Momentum, which originated in Dallas, provides a transformative experience through a 12-month paid post-release internship program. Participants rotate through the restaurant, focusing on life and social skills, coaching and development.
Throughout the month of October, the Steelers will be working with organizations around the city as a part of Youth Justice Action Month (YJAM) to raise awareness about the impact of the justice system on children and the organizations that are working to make a positive impact in the community.
Youth Justice Action Month (YJAM) is an annual campaign where advocates come together to organize digital and in-person events and activities to raise awareness and inspire action on behalf of young people impacted by the justice system.
This year is also the 50th Anniversary of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Action, which is a United States federal law providing formula grants to states that follow a series of federal protections on the care and treatment of youth in the juvenile justice and criminal justice systems.
Cooking for a cause: As a part of breast cancer awareness month, and in conjunction with the NFL's Crucial Catch initiative, Steelers players took part in the annual Healthy Cooking Demo with UPMC.  
Isaiahh Loudermilk and DeShon Elliott led the cooking demo at UPMC Magee-Womens Hospital, making it a fun and meaningful afternoon for breast cancer patients and survivors.
The players prepared healthy food options, giving a variety of tasty, yet healthy treats.
"Nutrition to me is important," said Elliott. "It's not a diet, it's a lifestyle. I prefer to eat healthy."
For Loudermilk, being part of the cooking class is personal as his mother, Stacy Howell, is a breast cancer survivor.
"It means a lot to me," said Loudermilk of taking part in the cooking class. "I'm personally affected by it, growing up with my mom having breast cancer. Being able to come out here now and educate myself on making these healthy meals, and putting smiles on faces is always a great time. It means a lot to me to be here."
Loudermilk said he is simple when it comes to his cooking style, while Elliott has worked on perfecting his cooking skills.
What they both have perfected, though, is giving back to the community.
"As much as God has blessed me, I do my due diligence to give back to the community," said Elliott. "Why not bring happiness and joy to them."
School days: Linebacker T.J. Watt and his wife Dani were busy on Tuesday, visiting multiple schools in the Pittsburgh area as part of the Steelers back to school blitz.
Watt began his day at Pittsburgh King, where he read to the students and then handed out supply bags to help the kids in the school year.
"It's fun. It really is," said Watt. "To see the excitement, to feel the excitement, I haven't been around a bunch of screaming kids at 9:30 in the morning ever.
"It's fun to be able to do it with Dani. Having a little one on the way, it puts things more into perspective about people who are less fortunate and don't have the school supplies or the toiletries to be able to go to school and not have to worry about those things, and that's what we're trying to provide.
"It's such a busy time of year, but it's so important on these Tuesdays, our off days, that we take the time to get out in the community and show people that we're not just on television and we are separated. I want to bridge that gap and show people that we care, and we want to help them as much as possible."
It was then off to Pittsburgh Milliones where he took questions from the kids and again handed out supply bags.
"That was funny. They asked my favorite class, and I don't have a favorite class if I am being honest with anyone," said Watt. "The questions, it's always surreal when kids are nervous to ask questions. I have to remember, to them I am some big guy. But I am such a normal goofball that I forget that sometimes. The kids had great questions, and it was fun to be able to answer some of them."
Watt did the event in conjunction with The Education Partnership, who work to provide school supplies to students and teachers in under-resourced schools across Southwestern Pennsylvania. The agency has served more than 374,770 students in 201 schools and given out more than $65,000,000 worth of school resources.
Golf for a cause: Pat Freiermuth, Jalen Elliott and Rodney Williams took part in the annual Tee Up Fore Bundle-Up Mini Golf Classic at Puttshack Pittsburgh.
The fun event included a competitive nine-hold round of miniature golf, dinner and prizes all benefitting Project Bundle-Up.
The Salvation Army's Project Bundle-Up is a program started by two late Pittsburgh staples, Patricia Rooney, the wife of late Steelers Chairman Dan Rooney, and Joe DeNardo, the former WTAE-TV weatherman. The program is focused on providing winter outwear for kids and others in need in the Pittsburgh area and focusing on taking them shopping to pick out their own items.
We had a great time at Langley K-8 at our Steelers Phys Ed Class!Special thanks to Rodney Williams, for joining us today 🙌@GiantEagle pic.twitter.com/GzGltlzGI2
A wish comes true: Friday was a special day for Bryant Sanchez, a 19-year-old from Orange County, Ca., who was the guest of the Steelers and the Make-A-Wish Foundation at the team's practice at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex.
Sanchez, who has leukemia, got to enjoy watching practice up close and personal, as well as meet some of his favorite players following practice, which included getting plenty of pictures and autographs.
"This is really exciting," said Sanchez. "Just because I am here with my family, this is my first time seeing the Steelers here at a home game. I have never been to a game before. This is exciting."
Sanchez will also attend the Steelers game this week against the Chargers at Acrisure Stadium as a guest of the team.
"At first I wanted my wish to just be a jersey," said Sanchez. "I felt like I would end up getting too sick coming here. But being here is just different.
"I never really knew about football until a friend of mine told me to join football with him. My cousin was a Steelers fan, so I went with them.
"I am pretty stoked to go to the game. My family and I, we never really do anything like this so it's awesome."
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Calvin Austin III (19) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Patrick Queen (6) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Payton Wilson (41) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Devin Harper (40) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Elandon Roberts (50) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Van Jefferson (11)meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jaylen Warren (30) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive back Cory Trice Jr. (27) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers tight end/fullback Connor Heyward (83) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (97) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Isaiahh Loudermilk (92) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Pittsburgh Steelers meet with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51), Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Pat Freiermuth (88), Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Russell Wilson (3) and Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Jaray Jenkins (82) meet with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Russell Wilson (3) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Justin Fields (2) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Russell Wilson (3) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Keeanu Benton (95) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Terrell Edmunds (38) and Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt (90) meet with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Russell Wilson (3) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Roman Wilson (10) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Kyle Allen (4) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Alex Highsmith (56) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51), Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Alex Highsmith (56) and Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Russell Wilson (3) meet with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Calvin Austin III (19) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick (39) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers senior conditioning coordinator Garrett Giemont meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Nick Herbig (51) and Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver George Pickens (14) meet with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Spencer Anderson (74) meets with Bryant Sanchez from the Make-A-Wish foundation at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Friday, Sept. 20, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Fighting hunger: Steelers rookies spent Tuesday morning visiting the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank, an organization that is making a massive difference in the region.
The rookies toured the facility, which now includes The Market, an onsite pantry where recipients can select their own items and there is no judgement, and all are treated with dignity and respect. The items are all available at no cost and include fresh produce, meats, shelf-stable foods and more.
The players also took part in packing produce for distribution, giving them a unique understanding of what is needed to help those who are struggling with food insecurity.
Taking care of kids: Tight end Pat Freiermuth has always been passionate about giving back to the Pittsburgh community, loving the ability to interact with others, especially with kids while bringing them joy.
That is why he was out and about on his off day, providing school supplies to students at Pittsburgh Mifflin to aid them in the school year.
Freiermuth worked hand-in-hand with The Education Partnership, who work to provide school supplies to students and teachers in under-resourced schools across Southwestern Pennsylvania. The agency has served more than 374,770 students in 201 schools and given out more than $65,000,000 worth of school resources.
Today, our newest friends to the ‘Burgh, @DangeRussWilson and @ciara stopped by to visit. We are beyond grateful for their support and generosity in being here to visit our kids and give them moments they will never forget. pic.twitter.com/tsNzSUhZ8p
Today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay!Now is the time to register to vote to make sure your voice is heard on Election Day ➡️ https://t.co/fmL5jT7T6Y pic.twitter.com/V5Ovi1qsoq
On Tuesday, we took part in the 10th Tom Alper's Camp of Champions at Elizabeth Forward High School.Connor Heyward and Mike Logan were there to run drills with the athletes!The camp was created to make a positive impact on youth with disabilities, utilizing teaching football… pic.twitter.com/TKz29b4uNa
On Tuesday, @_sbx2 visited @DiceDragonsFB and spoke to the team.After practice, the team enjoyed pizza and frozen desserts provided by @GiantEagle.#PlayFootball #ThisisHSFootball pic.twitter.com/Ga5gTEiwCB
Heroes night out: The Steelers hosted the annual Heroes Night Out at Acrisure Stadium, honoring the men and women of the military by providing a fun night of football drills with some of their favorite players, as well as camaraderie with others who have or are currently serving our country.
The team worked with local branches of the military, including the U.S. Army, U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard.
"We're really excited to take part in events like this in the community and also bring the different branches together," said Master Sgt. Starsha Jyachosky of the U.S. Army. "It's nice to be thought of like this. It makes us feel like we are part of the community to be asked to come out to an event like this. We are having some fun banter back and forth and it's awesome.
"There is a smile on everybody's face. It's so much fun to take part in this.
"It means the world to service members to do this. It's something a lot of them don't get to do. To be invited down here and interact with the players is a once in a lifetime opportunity for a lot of them."
The event traditionally has been held in the days leading up to or after the anniversary of the attacks of September 11, 2001, and as part of that there was a somber moment of silence to honor all of the lives that were lost on the horrific day.
While those who were lost were still on their minds, the members of the military were able to relax as well and enjoy a night that was focused solely on them.
Three football stations, including passing, receiving and field goal kicking, were set up around the field, a perfect opportunity for the military members to test their skill level with those who do it for a living.
Among the players taking part were Keeanu Benton, Jalen Elliott, Thomas Graham Jr., Christian Kuntz and Isaiahh Loudermilk.
In addition to the drills, the players posted for pictures with the military members as they shared stories of watching football while on deployment.
"It's important because they give of their time to do well by us," said Benton. "I feel like by any means, if I can do the same, I will do it. being out here giving back.
"It's about the interaction for me. Not that I can't teach them skills, but the interaction part is something they don't get to do every day with NFL players.
"This just goes to show the culture we have here with the Steelers, making ourselves available to do things like this."
The Steelers hosted Heroes Night Out at Acrisure Stadium, giving back to veterans
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
The Steelers host Heroes Night Out giving back to veterans on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA. (Alysa Rubin / Pittsburgh Steelers)
Back to school blitz continues: Defensive lineman Larry Ogunjobi continued the spirit of helping kids heading back to the classroom when he hosted his third annual Back To School event. Ogunjobi provided backpacks and school supplies to 300 kids at Urban Academy in Pittsburgh.
"I love having the opportunity to give every single year and to be an integral part of the start of the school year," said Ogunjobi. "Great school supplies are the foundation of a successful school year, it's always good to come back and see familiar faces, I can't wait to see what the future holds for this group of bright students."
Ogunjobi has worked with Urban Academy the past three years, a school known for their S.T.E.M. program, something that hits home for him as he earned his degree in computer science and biology from North Carolina Charlotte.
"The Urban Academy community thanks Larry and the Pittsburgh Steelers for their ongoing commitment to our students and community," said Chase Patterson, CEO of Urban Academy. "For the third consecutive year, Larry's generosity is making a difference in supporting our student's success. Larry and the Steelers organization continue to demonstrate their overarching dedication to uplifting and investing in young people's futures. On behalf of the entire Urban Academy family, thank you for your unwavering support and partnership."
Back to school ready: Safety DeShon Elliott has already immersed himself in the Pittsburgh community, hosting a back-to-school event for area students on Thursday evening.
"The kids are our pillars. Growing up, football was important to me, but my parents also preached education," said Elliott. "I am not just doing back to school supplies, but clothes and shoes too. It's hard for parents, especially single parent homes, and I have two sisters who are single mothers, and it can be hard to try and provide everything you need for school. That takes a burden off the kids and the moms. The kids can then just focus on their education.
"And this is an opportunity for me to give back to my hometown, which is now here."
Elliott took a group of kids shopping for their back-to-school needs as well as shoes and clothes, making sure they are set for the new school year. He also spent time interacting with the kids, being present, which is sometimes one of the most important aspects.
"It means a lot," said Elliott. "I am giving back, but being there, showing up, that means a lot to kids. Being able to talk to them, and them learning from me, who I am, answering questions. Talking to kids about football, other things. I just want to be hands on and really get to know them."
Making back to school cool: Linebacker Alex Highsmith hosted his 3rd Annual Back to School Bash for 300 area students at the LaRosa Youth Club in McKeesport.
Highsmith handed out backpacks, books and school supplies to the students through the Alex Highsmith Family Foundation. In addition, the foundation provided free haircuts, water bottles, and to-go meals to provide the kids a nutritious option as the school year is set to begin.
"We are incredibly excited to host this event once again and to continue our mission of giving back to the community," said Highsmith. "Providing these resources helps ensure that every child has the tools they need to succeed academically and start the school year with confidence."
Back to school in style: The new school year is about to get underway for many kids in the area, and the importance of sending kids back to the classroom with all the necessities is definitely a priority.
That is why the Steelers joined forces with others to be a part of the 12th Annual Pittsburgh Public Schools Back to School Event at Acrisure Stadium.
This year, Cameron Heyward's foundation, The Heyward House, and Russell Wilson's Why Not You Foundation, are working hand-in-hand with the team and the Mentoring Partnership to provide support for kids and families, with the theme, 'Students first…Always, in all ways.'
To give the kids a fresh start for school, the Steelers provided haircuts, hairstyles and manicures, giving everyone a self-esteem boost. Working with The Heyward House and Why Not You Foundation, they also provided hygiene kits and books. In addition, they connected the students with much needed resources that will benefit them throughout their educational endeavors.
Students were able to attend the event in person and take advantage of all of the activities, or participate in the drive-thru version where they were able to still get free school supplies and other essentials without having to leave their car.
The event was also something the Pittsburgh Pirates and Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation were a part of.
Join us on Friday, October 4 to be a part of the largest and most anticipated fundraising event of the year, #SteelersStyle! Buy tickets ⤵️
Doing his part: Former Steelers safety Will Allen hosted the Will Allen Foundation's Purposeful Acts of Kindness program this year, delivering almost 1,000 backpacks with supplies for the 2024 school year.
🏈 Touchdown for Education! ✏️ The Will Allen Foundation's Purposeful Acts of Kindness (PAK) program scored big at @Clairtonschool! This year, we delivered nearly 1,000 backpacks 🎒 packed with school supplies to students, setting them up for success in the new school year. pic.twitter.com/QygsagqL0P
Wrapping up camp visits: The Steelers hosted Carnegie Library Pittsburgh at practice on Wednesday as a part of the team's community relations program.
They are the final group to visit during what was a busy and active camp for the organization's community relations department.
Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh offers residents of the city free access to books and services and has programs for local youth to encourage them to read, including during the summer months.
Reaching out to area kids: The Steelers hosted LaRosa Pittsburgh at practice on Monday as a part of the team's community relations program.
The organization invests their time, treasure, and talent to provide first class enrichment opportunities to the youth of McKeesport, setting them on a successful path to adulthood. They achieve this by honoring their core values while providing socialization, growth and learning opportunities in an out-of-school time setting, with an emphasis on leadership, citizenship, education, recreation, community service and healthy life skills.
A special visit: The Steelers hosted Gold Star Families at practice on Sunday as a part of the team's community relations program.
Gold Star Families are those who lost a loved one in military service. The mission is to honor their families' sacrifices and support them in their everyday lives, in whatever form or fashion is needed.
Enjoying time at camp: The Steelers hosted multiple groups at practice on Wednesday as part of the team's community relations program.
Among those visiting were the Clairton Youth Development Opportunities and Homeless Children's Education Fund.
Clairton Youth Development Opportunities is dedicated to ensuring peaceful, prosperous communities through the mentoring, education and empowerment of youth.
The Homeless Children's Education Fund's mission is to provide children and youth experiencing homelessness with a more equitable educational experience by partnering with students, families, and schools to eliminate the barriers caused by unstable housing. Through personalized, accessible learning, advocacy for systemic change, and the cultivation of strategic partnerships, we are committed to creating a region where youth experiencing homelessness can leverage their education to flourish as productive, empowered adults.
A big thank you to Clairton Youth Development Opportunities & @homelessfund412 for joining us at #SteelersCamp practice! 🏈 pic.twitter.com/JGpYVEqm2h
Busy day at camp: The Steelers hosted multiple groups at practice on Wednesday as part of the team's community relations program.
Among those visiting were the Center of Life and Family Links.
Center of Life supports the people of Pittsburgh's Hazelwood neighborhood as they strive to be strong and to make their community strong. With its roots planted deeply in the community and supported by extraordinary partners, COL serves Hazelwood and its surrounding communities with rich academic out-of-school programs and outstanding experiences in music and arts.
For more than 65 years, Familylinks has been proudly serving individuals and families in Western Pennsylvania through personalized and family-centered community, behavioral, and social programs. These individuals range from children to seniors, in a variety of neighborhoods, income groups, and beliefs. They all have one thing in common - when they turn to Familylinks in their time of need, we are here for them.
Spending the day at camp: The Steelers hosted multiple groups at practice on Tuesday as part of the team's community relations program.
Among those visiting were the Will Allen Foundation and the Community Empowerment Association.
The Will Allen Foundation was founded and run by Allen, the former Steelers safety. Allen is convicted in strengthening his community and helping to build hope. He is very enthusiastic in encouraging others to take his same stance in helping their respective communities.
The Community Empowerment Association belies that families develop best in a community with a sense of order, positive social interaction, and opportunities supported by positive adults.
Making their day: The Steelers hosted a group from UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh at practice on Saturday as part of the team's community relations program.
Welcoming another group: The Steelers hosted a group from the Latino Community Center at practice on Thursday as part of the team's community relations program.
The Latino Community Center's mission is to empower, advocate with and celebrate Latino's in Allegheny County.
Welcoming back some friends: The Steelers hosted a group from the Urban Impact Foundation at practice on Wednesday as part of the team's community relations program.
Urban Impact and the Steelers have a long history of improving the lives of kids on Pittsburgh's North Side.
A Batch of fun at practice: The Steelers hosted a group from the Best of the Batch Foundation at practice on Tuesday as part of the team's community relations program.
Best of the Batch Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded in 1999 by former Steelers quarterback Charlie Batch and his wife Latasha. Best of the Batch Foundation provides year-round educational programming to more than 3,800 children ranging in ages from 4 to 18, across 22 school districts in eight western Pennsylvania counties.
Welcoming more groups: The Steelers hosted two groups at practice on Sunday as part of the team's community relations program.
The Foster Love Project was on hand along with Special Olympics Pennsylvania, a perfect time with the Olympics now in full swing.
Today, @FosterLovePgh & @SOPennsylvania joined us for our last practice of #SteelersCamp this week! pic.twitter.com/eVK7gTXlyA
A wish comes true: Saturday was a dream come true for 18-year-old Cole Walker, who was a guest of the Steelers at training camp through the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
Walker, who is a huge Steelers fan, met several Steelers players after practice, including George Pickens who helped in the presentation of granting his wish for Steelers season tickets through the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
"This was such an honor," said Walker. "I am truly grateful to the Steelers and Make-A-Wish for this opportunity. It's awesome.
"I am so excited. I have always loved the Steelers, always loved going to games and supporting the team. This is an amazing opportunity. I am so happy and excited."
Walker, who is from Pittsburgh, is dealing with sarcoma and his wish was all about enjoying his favorite team all year. And at camp, all his wishes came true.  
"It was just so exciting," said Walker. "And I met T.J. Watt."
George Pickens helped grant Cole's wish of #Steelers season tickets through @MakeAWishPAWV today! pic.twitter.com/3xoXEBBuPX
Happy to have them here: The Steelers hosted a group from the Monessen Positive Action Community Team (MPACT) at practice on Saturday as part of the team's community relations program.
The motto for MPACT is 'you feel good about yourself when you do positive actions, and there is a positive way to do everything.'
The program is part of the the Monessen School District, started in 2020 as an after-school program that aims to improve academic performance and student behavior.
The team also hosted a group from Voices Without Violence. Voices Against Violence (VAV) grew out of a street outreach initiative by Richard Carrington, Sr. working with Pittsburgh gang members in 1992. The organization was formally established in 1995 in response to a growing need for holistic community-based programs that serve youth involved with gangs, drugs, and guns in South Pittsburgh.
Voices Against Violence became one of the first and foremost anti-violence organizations in Pittsburgh, pioneering programs in Street Mediation, Conflict Resolution, and Restorative Justice Practices. Voices Against Violence is a successful, non-profit organization using The Pittsburgh Contingency, a registered 501c3, as its official, audited, fiscal conduit.
The American Cancer Society was on hand at practice on Saturday, running a Sun Safety initiative in the Fan Zone area.
On Saturday, @ACSPennsylvania distributed sunscreen at #SteelersCamp as part of the @NFL’s Crucial Catch Sun Safety initiative. pic.twitter.com/j8YbNFUDRC
Young leaders visit camp: The Steelers hosted a group from Young Black Motivated Kings & Queens at practice on Friday as part of the team's community relations program.
Young Black Motivated Kings & Queens (YBMKQ) is a community-based organization in Pittsburgh made up of some of the most dedicated young men and women in the city who have chosen to stand apart and show the community that young black kings and queens are active, motivated, and empowered to be the change.
The mission is to counteract this narrative by embracing the agency and inviting others to do the same, no matter their circumstance or background.
The organization engages elementary, middle and high-school-aged youth in becoming the leaders of tomorrow while serving the community. In addition to providing enriching opportunities for youth, and a safe space for them to come into, we also plan events for community members to come out to build strong connections with the youth, and network.
Changing kid's lives: The Steelers hosted a group from the Homewood Children's Village at practice on Thursday as part of the team's community relations program.
The group was able to watch practice and meet with some of the players afterwards, getting pictures and autographs.
The Homewood Children's Village is making a difference in the lives of kids in the Homewood area, reaching out to them, offering services for them to continue to grow, and taking every step to make sure they don't become a statistic. Because as we all know, it takes a village to raise a child.
Batter up: Cameron Heyward hosted his annual Three Rivers Celebrity Softball Game at the Washington Wild Things Park on Saturday.
The game featured Heyward, some of his teammates, and other area and national celebrities and benefited his foundation, The Heyward House.
Heyward, who was the Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year in 2023, has continued to give back to the community all offseason.
Highsmith lends a hand: Linebacker Alex Highsmith, and his wife Alyssa, lent their hands on Friday to help those who were impacted by the recent fire at Second Avenue Commons in Pittsburgh. Those staying at the homeless shelter have been displaced since the fire, and Highsmith wanted to do something to assist them.
Highsmith hosted a distribution of necessities, from t-shirts and sweatpants to slippers and bookbags, for the individuals to help them through the tough time.
Highsmith also provided dinner for the participants at Pittsburgh Mercy, trying to do something to uplift their spirits.
Engaging with area youth: The rookies visited the Mel Blount Youth Home in Claysville, Pa., on Thursday, working with the Hall of Fame cornerback to help engage with youth from the surrounding area as a part of his Youth Leadership Initiative.
"With the Youth Leadership Initiative, we're able to work with more kids and have a broader reach," said Blount. "One of the things that we've done is connected with other youth organizations around Western Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh, Washington County, Greene County, Westmoreland County. So, we have a broader reach now. We're able to work and be more effective, reaching more kids. It gives kids, even kids who are not in the system, an opportunity to experience what our program has to offer and help them grow and develop."
The idea behind the visit is to help inspire the kids who are taking part and teach the importance of teamwork as the kids go through a series of physical challenges designed for them to work together in teams.
To wrap up community week, the rookies visited the @MelBlountYLI to participate team building activities and football drills with kids.📝: https://t.co/atkpy7m9Jg pic.twitter.com/Xv2vPqBuxD
Back to school: The rookies partnered with Jerome Bettis' Bus Stops Here Foundation on Wednesday for projects that are part of the foundation's cyber programs.  
The group participated in STEM/Coding projects, working with area youth on multiple endeavors.
On Wednesday, our rookies visited The Best of the Batch and the Bus Stops Here Foundation’s Cyber Bus to participate in STEM coding activities and a catapult building competition.In addition, the rookies had the opportunity to work with the kids to learn more about the history… pic.twitter.com/pGBIIigCOT
Football and fun: The rookies continued their week of reaching out when they attended the Urban Impact Youth Football Clinic. The yearly clinic was open to kids from kindergarten through 8th grade and featured the players teaching drills and encouraging the kids to be active and positive in their school, home and community life.  
In addition to the football side of it, there were carnival games for kids and their families to participate in and affordable food options through on-site food trucks.
On Tuesday, our rookies attended the annual Urban Impact Youth Football Clinic, where they participated in football drills, encouraged the kids to be active and positive in their school, home and community. pic.twitter.com/VR1arHv64T
Swinging for a cause: Defensive tackle Cameron Heyward hosted the Irons for Impact Golf Outing on Monday at the Sewickley Heights Golf Club.
Heyward was joined by many of his Steelers teammates for a fun day of golf that benefits The Heyward House Foundation.
The mission of The Heyward House is to impact the lives of today's youth through childhood hunger prevention, promoting literacy, fighting cancer, supporting students and teachers and more.
Kicking off camp: Quarterback Russell Willson helped to kick off a summer camp for the Boys & Girls Club of Western Pennsylvania (BGCWPA) through his Why Not You Foundation. The foundation also made a $50,000 donation to the BGCWPA.
Wilson and his wife, Grammy Award winning artist Ciara, work together on the Why Not You Foundation, which has a longer-term vision to support communities of Pittsburgh by establishing Why Not You Centers in partnership with leading local nonprofits. Centers will help youth and teens foster "why not you" attitudes that allow them to dream and reach for their dreams. Since 2014, Why Not You Foundation has given millions to deserving nonprofits partners in an effort to fight cyclical poverty and drive greater equity for youth in the spaces of education and health.
Football and life lessons: Flag football tournaments have become popular throughout Western Pennsylvania, but over the weekend a special one was held to celebrate Juneteenth, and the Steelers were a part of it.
The Steelers took part in the Juneteenth Open Invitation Flag Football Tournament at Mellon Park on Sunday, a two-day tournament that featured teams from all over Pennsylvania.
The purpose for the tournament was two-fold, a fun-filled football fest and an avenue to teach kids the history behind Juneteenth.  
Graham also took part in a CPR training session in conjunction with the American Heart Association and Pittsburgh native and Buffalo Bills safety Damar Hamlin and his Chasing M's Foundation.
On Sunday, @_TG4__ attended the 2024 Juneteenth Open Invitational Flag Football tournament, a fun-filled football fest that also serves as an avenue to teach kids the history & importance of Juneteenth.He also participated in a CPR training session with @American_Heart &… pic.twitter.com/RAVDzyf9vM
Flag football fun: Steelers Hall of Fame safety Troy Polamalu and his wife, Theodora, hosted the inaugural Resilience Bowl at Acrisure Stadium on Tuesday.
The evening was highlighted by a seven-on-seven flag football game, featuring an array of former Steelers players like Jerome Bettis, Ben Roethlisberger and Hines Ward, as well as celebrities such as rapper Fedd the God, actor and comedian Billy Gardell, and actor/musician Chip Esten.
Steelers coach Mike Tomlin and Hall of Famer and former Steelers defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau served as the coaches for the game.
The competition was intense, with Polamalu's team coming out on top.
"It's the city that is hosting us tonight in a lot of ways. In that mindset, I am very grateful to be back, to see all of the faces here, to see the team," said Polamalu. "It's nice to be back in the fold in a very meaningful way. We do a lot of charitable work for the community, but to come back here, bring back the alumni, give back to the team."
The event benefits the Neighborhood Resilience Project, an organization the Steelers have a strong bond with.
"Considering the Neighborhood Resilience Project, and the Neighborhood Resilience Institute, and the amazing things they have done, this is great to be a part of," said Polamalu. "The Resilience Project, first and foremost it's a framework that allows the community to heal within. Oftentimes, when people look at trauma, especially the case of trauma in communities, you have a separate figure that is trying to impose certain programs on a community. Some of them are helpful, some not so helpful. The beautiful thing about the Neighborhood Resilience Project is that it's healing from within. It's a framework that allows people that live in the community to talk to people in positions of power, and then they become people of power, and enlighten us to bring healing to the community."
The organization brought hundreds of kids from the Greater Pittsburgh region to enjoy a night where they can see Steelers legends up close.
"This night means so much to them," said Rev. Paul T. Abernathy, CEO of Neighborhood Resilience Project. "For them to have a chance to see some of the Steelers legends, Super Bowl champions, Hall of Famers. It's bringing so much excitement to our youth.
"This event is so fun. Just to have an event this fun and offer it as a night of enjoyment for our region to come together and celebrate all that people in our community have accomplished establishing resiliency, it's just incredible."
The vision of the Neighborhood Resilience Project is to inspire a movement in which suffering people are raised up from the ashes of trauma in unconditional love to become empowered healers, community builders, and positive change makers. The project is rooted in the Gospel and teachings of the Orthodox Church, inspired by the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 60s.
"This has been a tremendous blessing to us," said Rev. Abernathy. "Troy and Theodora Polamalu are truly gems, not only for our organization, but the entire community. The Steelers organization is showing us tonight that as a region we can come together, we can remember those who are suffering the most among us. We can as a region, with this kind of leadership from the Steelers and the Polamalus heal the pain in our communities. This is inspiring so many people in our community. The excitement in our underserved community is beyond words, it's bringing new life to us all."
Pizza, pizza: Cameron Heyward won the 2023 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year, and so far in 2024 he has shown he has no plans of slowing down. Heyward has been involved in multiple community events this year already, the latest partnering with Little Caesars Love Kitchen to provide free pizza to people in the Homewood community.
On Saturday, @littlecaesars partnered with @97HeywardHouse to surprise the Homewood community with pizza from their Little Caesars Love Kitchen. pic.twitter.com/3qrQqb0Ubi
Celebrating a special day: Last year, Miles Killebrew wanted to do something special for his 30th birthday, and for someone who isn't a fan of big parties and a lot of attention, he found the perfect way to celebrate.
He enjoyed it so much, he opted for the same celebration this year.
Instead of making his birthday celebration all about himself, he celebrated his birthday, which is May by hanging out with patients at UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, hanging out and delivering gifts to unsuspecting kids.
It was a great day for the kids, who were smiling from ear to ear as their spirits picked up with the fun surprise, which included Killebrew dressing up as Batman.
Birthday time: Defensive tackle Cameron Heyward celebrated his birthday on Monday, but on Wednesday, he threw a party for others.
Heyward hosted his annual birthday bash at Dave & Busters for a group of local kids, including many who are served through The Caring Place.
The kids were able to play video games with Heyward and some of his teammates, as well as enjoy dinner and just have fun interacting with each other.
The Caring Place an organization he has been involved with, including as part of Cam's Kindness Week last year.
The Caring Place offers programs to support children and families who are grieving after a devastating loss. And the statistics are sad, as one in 20 kids will have a parent die before they graduate from high school. Heyward is one of those statistics and that is why he wanted to give back. His father, Craig 'Ironhead' Heyward died when he was just 16-years old, the summer before his senior year of high school.
Very thankful to have @steelers teammates, @97HeywardHouse @CaringPlacePa all partner up to spend some time @ Dave & Busters for some pretty great kids!!!
Smiles all around: Quarterback Russell Wilson brought smiles, and Terrible Towels, to patients at UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh on Tuesday.
Wilson stopped by the hospital to visit with the kids, something that lifted the spirits of everyone he spent time with. And Wilson himself had a fantastic time.
"What I have learned is that much is given, much is required," said Wilson. "I believe that."
During the visit, Wilson took time to learn more about each one of the kids, learn about their ability to fight through adversity as some have gone beyond what doctors could have ever expected in their health battles.
"It's about their fight," said Wilson. "It's inspiring to see that. To see the mentality. It's important not only for me, but so many of us other athletes to be able express how much these young kids mean to us.
"The thing I always realized, doing a lot of things with cancer, and things like that for kids, you realize that number one you never know if it's somebody you know, number two you never know if it's somebody that could be yours one day. To be able to give back and be able to impact is important."
Wilson is no stranger to giving back in this manner, something he did previously in other cities where he has played and something he truly does from the heart.
"My dad was always in hospitals, my mom was an ER nurse," said Wilson. "I've seen a lot. I've seen a lot of miracles happen too. I've seen a lot of good things happen.
"When you go into a room with a lot of love, a lot of hope, anything is possible. When you have great doctors and nurses and people that are spending so much time for these young, amazing kids, you want to cherish those moments."
Amazing visit today @ChildrensPGH!!! The sweetest kids! Keep fighting! Keep overcoming! 🖤💛 pic.twitter.com/4aGtY2ht4s
Set for success: Cameron Heyward and The Heyward House hosted the annual Suiting Up for Success Soiree at the Grand Concourse, celebrating the accomplishments of local high school seniors.
Heyward celebrated male high school seniors in the Pittsburgh area, all chosen by their schools for their leadership, character and ability to overcome challenges faced by today's youth. The Heyward House provided each of them with a custom suit and all the accessories through his 'Craig's Closet' program, as well as a photo shoot and a private dinner with Heyward.
The program is one of the many that earned Heyward the 2023 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year Award.
Craig's Closet has been a staple for The Heyward House since 2018, launched in honor of his late father, Craig 'Ironhead' Heyward, who died from a brain tumor in 2006, at just 39 years old.
His father played football at the University of Pittsburgh, and when he arrived as a freshman running back, he had only one suit, something he was grateful to have since he came from a single-parent home with six siblings.
With so many young men in Pittsburgh facing the same challenge of not having a suit that they could wear to a job interview, internship, events and more, Heyward produced a plan. Craig's Closet provides free dress clothes to help young men as they move forward in life, and the Suiting Up for Success program is an extension of that.
"The idea came from my dad," said Heyward. "When he grew up, he only had one suit. A lot of his friends didn't have suits at all. This is a creative way we thought of to give back to the community and help prepare young men for jobs, or homecoming, moving forward in life. You never know how much a suit can help you present yourself."
Cam Heyward Day: Wednesday was declared 'Cam Heyward Day' in the City of Pittsburgh, honoring the 2023 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year.
Pittsburgh Mayor Ed Gainey and Pittsburgh City Council presented him with a proclamation for his work that has benefited so many in the city.
"I just want to thank you for all of the work that you have done," said Gainey. "You have done a lot of work in the city. I am appreciative, because it speaks volumes of how you use your platform. I always think you should use your platform to uplift other people, and you have done that. I just want to personally say thank you.
"And I like the way you tackle quarterbacks. I appreciate that."
Gainey went on to read the proclamation honoring Heyward for winning the Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year award, recognizing him for his on and off the field efforts.
"He is among the most respected names in the National Football League," the proclamation read. "Throughout his 13-year career he has been deeply involved in helping the community and always using his platform for good. Throughout his distinguished career, Cam has exemplified the highest standards of professionalism, compassion and consistency, going above and beyond the call of duty, and providing life-changing care for support of youth throughout the region.
"Today is your day. We appreciate you. Today is Cam Heyward Day."
Heyward, who has been a staple in the community since he was drafted by the Steelers in the first round of the 2011 NFL Draft, was humbled to be honored by the city when he was born and played his entire career.
"Thank you to Mayor Gainey, (City) Council, and everybody out here today," said Heyward. "When I talk about using my platform to draw awareness or help others out, that's not accomplished without a village behind me. It's not done without people taking an effort to give back. I would like to think I am a representative of that.
"I am very appreciative of this proclamation. When I tell my kids today is Cam Heyward Day, they might freak out a little bit and hopefully I can get a cupcake on top of that. My kids, I am just trying to show them the way and I am trying to lead my family and provide for them a model of how to represent your city. Not everybody gets to be a Pittsburgh Steeler, but when you are a Pittsburgh Steeler, there is a level of consistency, a standard to be held and a responsibility to the city. That is something I will always do. We've got a lot more work to do, and I am looking forward to doing it."
Alex Highsmith Day: Steelers linebacker Alex Highsmith had his day in the sun when Wilmington, North Carolina celebrated 'Alex Highsmith Day' on April 6.
Highsmith, who grew up in Wilmington, was recognized by Wilmington Mayor Bill Saffo for his work on and off the field.
Highsmith was honored in particular for his work with the Highsmith Family Foundation, which is dedicated to the advancement and enrichment of underserved youth, professional development of our nation's educators, and providing opportunities for growth and connection to flourish. The foundation does work in Wilmington, Pittsburgh, and Charlotte, where he attended college. He also works closely with the Barbara Highsmith Reading Academy.
"God has blessed me with this platform, to just be a light for him and do it all for his glory," said Highsmith. "So, knowing that the main reason I have this platform is not just to play football but to make a difference and be a blessing to others. Knowing that I have this platform, I know it comes with great responsibility and that is to give back to others and make a difference."
Highsmith is committed to the Pittsburgh community as well, hosting events for various organizations, while attending team and community events in an effort to give back and make a difference.
"Ultimately, I know that I can make a lasting difference in the community," said Highsmith. "Just by going out and doing different things with the kids and being a role model for them, that's what matters to me most."
On Friday, @CamHeyward surprised Porter at @ChildrensPgh to celebrate the end of his chemo treatment by being there to see him ring the bell.Heyward has known Porter for a few years and made sure he was there for this special moment. pic.twitter.com/YyBB1DnjNX
The Steelers hit the runway on Friday night for the annual Steelers Style fashion show
The Steelers have supported more than 4,500 kids through a host of back-to-school events
Pat Freiermuth and Larry Ogunjobi will be co-captains for Steelers Style, the team's annual fashion show
Pittsburgh leaders in business, education and the community were honored at the annual Art Rooney Award Dinner
The 36th annual Steelers Run Walk touches the Pittsburgh community in many ways
Three area students were presented the Art Rooney Scholarship during an event at training camp
Hall of Fame Coach Bill Cowher was honored at the annual Mel Blount Youth Home All-Star Celebrity Roast
The Best of the Batch Foundation officially opened their new headquarters on Wednesday
The Ireland Funds Pittsburgh Gala was held at Acrisure Stadium on Wednesday evening
The Ireland Funds Pittsburgh Dinner Gala will honor those who represent the region in both the business world and community engagement 