The Steelers, the NFL and the American Heart Association (AHA) partner on the Play 60 Challenge, a health and fitness program that incorporates physical activity for middle school students into daily classroom and after-school activities. The Steelers also support the AHA's annual Heart Walk.
The Art Rooney Scholarship Fund was established in memory of the late founder of the Steelers, who died in August of 1988 after living most of his life on the North Side. The scholarship annually provides a grant to a North Catholic student and funds the Pittsburgh Promise scholarships for two Perry High School students. Since its beginning, the scholarship has awarded grants to more than 80 local students. The annual Gatorade/Steelers 5K Race, Fitness Walk and Kids’ Kickoff Run is the major fundraiser for the scholarship fund. The event features a 3.1-mile level course on the North Side highlighted by a spectacular finish inside of the stadium.
The NFL, its clubs, players, and the American Cancer Society are committed to the NFL's Crucial Catch mission to fight cancer through early detection and prevention.
The Steelers are continuing to support breast cancer awareness and participate in numerous initiatives. Steelers players will be supporting the cause when they wear Crucial Catch sideline gear, including hats, hoodies, and t-shirts during the Crucial Catch game in October.
The team recognizes local breast cancer survivors in a pregame ceremony and pink Terrible Towels are distributed to all fans at the game by UPMC volunteers.
As part of the Steelers' breast cancer awareness activities, players who have a loved one affected by the disease serve as chefs in a healthy cooking demo at UPMC Magee-Womens Hospital. In attendance are breast cancer survivors and their families who enjoy the players' efforts in the kitchen.
The Steelers organization annually supports the Art Rooney Award dinner, named for the team's founder, Art Rooney, Sr. The annual event raises money for the Catholic Youth Association programs and honors members of the Pittsburgh community that have shown leadership, outstanding work in media and service. For more than 80 years, Catholic Youth has served the most vulnerable members of our community, children, and the elderly.
Steelers players visit UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh to bring a smile to kids who are battling health issues. Players participate in various events for patients and their families, including parties in the atrium and the Free Care Fund Telethon. Children's Hospital also receives proceeds from the 50/50 raffle at a Steelers home game.
Pittsburgh Steelers team President, Art Rooney II, announced the establishment of a new foundation, The Chuck Noll Foundation for Brain Injury Research, to support continued research and education regarding brain injuries and treatment of sports-related concussions. The Steelers organization helped launch the foundation with an initial contribution of $1 million. The Chuck Noll Foundation for Brain Injury Research will fund research which it believes is the most promising in the area of sports-related concussions and related conditions.
Steelers players and Head Coach Mike Tomlin annually donate and distribute Thanksgiving turkeys for more than 600 needy families in the Pittsburgh area.
The Steelers annually partner with local military charities for a special evening at Acrisure Stadium for military service members. Participants try out their football skills with the help of current Steelers players. The players enjoy the opportunity to thank the "true heroes" for their service to ensure our continued freedom.
The Heyward House was started in 2015 by Steelers defensive end Cameron Heyward to support Pittsburgh youth through a variety of programs and partnerships. The Heyward House supports Foster Love Project, Urban Impact, Pittsburgh Public Schools, and many other causes.
Each year a Steelers player is chosen as the Ed Block Courage Award winner. This award recognizes a player who has shown courage either coming back from an injury or life-altering situation. In partnership with the Holy Family Institute, the Steelers host a luncheon at Acrisure Stadium which is chaired by Greta Rooney, wife of Art Rooney II. The luncheon serves as a fundraiser for Holy Family Institute to continue their work in providing support through their community programs and education.
The NFL and its clubs are committed to celebrating the stories that elevate Latino culture, inspire and propel youth toward their dreams, and build a unified path to greatness through sport. The NFL and Hispanic Heritage Foundation have partnered for several years to recognize and celebrate Hispanic and Latino excellence in and around the NFL community.
In 2023, Peter Gonzalez, a standout football player at Central Catholic High School in Pittsburgh, won the inaugural NFL Latino Youth Honors. All 32 teams nominated a local youth to represent their team, and Gonzalez was the Steelers nominee, and then the finalist who represented the AFC North. He received scholarship money for college and an invitation to the NFL Latino Youth Honors ceremony during Super Bowl week. The Steelers also nominated DeAnna Perez Hall and Carmen Vasquez, who were honored during a Steelers home game.
In previous years, Hispanic and Latino excellence in the community were recognized with the NFL Hispanic Heritage Leadership Award. The Steelers have recognized local community members Betty Cruz, President and CEO of World Affairs Council Pittsburgh, Melanie Marie Boyer, Executive Director of PMAHCC and Edgar Morales, Student Success Specialist at Latino Community Center.
The Steelers organization works closely with Make-A-Wish to grant wishes. The wish experiences include meeting favorite players, a behind-the-scenes look at the Steelers practice facility and tickets to a home game.
Pittsburgh Steelers players participate in the NFL's My Cause My Cleats initiative. The initiative encourages players to wear specially designed cleats during gameday to support charitable organizations. Players participating in the program spotlight a cause close to their hearts during a home and away game.
The team's Walter Payton Man of the Year award is given annually to a player who best represents the late Chicago running back's commitment to community.
The team's annual fashion show features current players and their families modeling clothing from local and national retailers. The show is chaired by Greta & Art Rooney and Kiya & Mike Tomlin, with two current Steelers players serving as co-captains. Proceeds benefit the UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program, Cancer Bridges, and the Chuck Noll Foundation.
The Rookie Club enables the new players to work as a group in order to gain confidence in their ability to interact with the community as Pittsburgh Steelers. It is an introduction to community service during the players' first year with the team and provides a sense of camaraderie.
The Salute to Service initiative is dedicated to honor, empower, and connect with our nation's service members, veterans and families and is recognized during the whole month of November across the National Football League.
Each year, a player presents banners to military veterans that will hang along Art Rooney Avenue during the team's Salute to Service game. Fans have the opportunity to write cards to service members, veterans and military families as part of the Red Cross Holiday Mail for Heroes Program. Amongst many military related activities during the game, halftime brings together the five branches of the military for a fun on-field competition with each branch playing for military charities.
Players and their families annually take disadvantaged children shopping for winter outerwear as part of the Salvation Army's Project Bundle-Up program. Patricia Rooney, wife of the late Steelers Chairman Dan Rooney, and Joe DiNardo, retired WTAE-TV weatherman, are founders of the program. A Steelers coach or player has served as the host of the event since its inception.
Each year the team reunites a group of former players for Alumni Weekend. The weekend includes a fundraising dinner on Saturday night to benefit the UPMC Sports Medicine Concussion Program. The dinner is highlighted by the alumni sharing stories of their playing days and a silent auction. On game day the players are introduced to the fans at halftime.
Mascot Steely McBeam makes appearances at training camp, home games and numerous charitable events. For more information, visit https://steelers.formstack.com/forms/steely\_mcbeam\_request_form
The Steelers annually host the United Way's campaign kickoff at halftime of a preseason game, featuring three corporate participants in a field goal competition. The winner presents the United Way with its first campaign donation of the year. A Steelers United Way spokesman visits local corporations to encourage support of the annual campaign.
The Urban Impact Foundation (UIF) is a faith-based, nonprofit corporation which fosters Christian community development on Pittsburgh's North Side. One of the outreaches is through athletic programs and events. Many Steelers players participate in a football clinic held by UIF on Pittsburgh's North Side each summer.
Head Coach Mike Tomlin participates in the annual ManUp Pittsburgh conference which encourages local men to be better fathers and role models.
At each home game, veterans and active military personnel are honored for their service to the United States. Color guards, representing all branches of the military, are present at each home game.