Free admission to Treasured Ornament is available for Allegheny County Library Card holders through The Allegheny County Regional Asset District's RAD Pass program at RadPass.org.
Designed by Pittsburgh architects Pratt, Schafer & Slowik, the Italian Renaissance-style Frick Art Museum houses the collection of Helen Clay Frick, founder of the Frick Art & Historical Center. The museum displays work collected by Miss Frick, which features French 18th-century painting and decorative arts, and early Italian Renaissance painting, as well as special touring exhibitions.

The Frick Art Museum was opened in 1970 to house Helen Clay Frick’s personal collection of fine and decorative arts, which has particularly outstanding examples of early-Renaissance Sienese painting, and 18th-century French painting, furniture, and decorative arts. The Museum was designed to exhibit the collection in an atmosphere of intimacy.

Highlights of the permanent collection include a portrait by Rubens, a pastoral scene by Boucher, and Italian panel paintings by Giovanni di Paolo and Sassetta.

The museum also hosts an ongoing schedule of traveling exhibitions and related lectures, tours
and workshops.
After the turn of the 20th century, the development of the automobile profoundly changed American life. In the Car and Carriage Museum, visitors can travel back to the time of carriages, see some of the first horseless carriages to have an impact on Pittsburgh and learn about Pittsburgh’s role in the developing automobile industry.

The Car and Carriage Museum houses the Frick’s collection of historic carriages and automobiles dating back to the turn of the 20th century. Recent expansion and renovation initiatives provide for added space, higher ceilings and better lighting to improve your visitor experience.

Henry Clay Frick’s 1914 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost touring car and Howard Heinz’s 1898 Panhard (reputed to be the first car in Pittsburgh) are both on view, as part of a selection of historic vehicles that illustrate the story of how the automobile transformed early-20th-century life.
Designed by the architectural firm Alden & Harlow in 1897, the Playhouse was a center of activity for the Frick children when the Fricks lived at Clayton. Family photographs show many children gathered here for parties and events. Original amenities included furniture built to the smaller scale of the rooms, a bowling alley and a darkroom for Childs Frick’s pursuit of photography.

Today, staff offices are housed in the Playhouse, and it is not accessible to visitors.
The Education Center is the hub of what the Frick is all about. Three spacious classrooms serve a multitude of program participants, from school groups to seniors. This dedicated learning space at the heart of the Frick campus is equipped with technologies that enhance the Frick’s high-quality, artifact-based programs. 
The 1,000-square-foot Community Room is the perfect location for your next small event or business meeting. Amenities of the Center, which also encompasses a 600-square-foot terrace, include a high definition projector, A/V technology inputs for presentations and hearing-assisted technology, and a catering prep kitchen allows for food preparation, storage and service. 
Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!
