Free admission to Treasured Ornament is available for Allegheny County Library Card holders through The Allegheny County Regional Asset District's RAD Pass program at RadPass.org.
At The Frick Pittsburgh, get ready to experience art, history, and nature.

To ensure you enjoy as much as possible during your visit, check our calendar for all offerings and get your tickets in advance. Clayton tours are limited and do sell out!

 For the best experience, begin your visit at Grable Visitor Center. A Museum Experience Associate will orient you to our campus and help you purchase day-of tickets, if available.
 
Admission to the gardens, permanent collection of The Frick Art Museum, and a section of the Car and Carriage Museum is always free. 

Admission fees apply to certain special exhibitions in The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, and to Clayton tours.

Clayton tours do sell out and advanced purchase is strongly recommended.
The Frick is approximately 20 minutes east of downtown Pittsburgh at the corner of Penn and South Homewood avenues in Point Breeze. The entrance is located on Reynolds Street where parking is available in our free lot.

From downtown Pittsburgh, the Pittsburgh Airport or PA Turnpike, the Frick is reached via the Parkway East (I-376). Exit at #77–Edgewood Swissvale (take the Edgewood ramp), follow Braddock Ave. to Penn Ave. and turn left. Continue four blocks and turn left on South Homewood Ave. Proceed one long block to traffic circle (Reynolds St.) and follow signs to parking lot entrance.

PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION
Pittsburgh Regional Transit buses 67, 69, and 71C* provide service from downtown Pittsburgh.

*Starting October 1, 2023, the 71C will terminate in Oakland and no longer serve Uptown and downtown Pittsburgh. Please plan accordingly. Learn more about the schedule changes on Pittsburgh Regional Transit's website.
Enjoy a treat at The Café at the Frick Tuesday–Sunday, 9:30 AM–3 PM
Visit the Museum Store for a unique and carefully curated selection of gifts
We are committed to offering an inclusive experience for all visitors
Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!
