Free admission to Treasured Ornament is available for Allegheny County Library Card holders through The Allegheny County Regional Asset District's RAD Pass program at RadPass.org.
Ten centuries of Islamic art meet the shimmering melodies of traditional Persian and Turkish music in this collaborative event inspired by our special exhibition, Treasured Ornament.
Arrive early to enjoy a 6:00 p.m. pre-performance discussion led by WQED Artistic Director Jim Cunningham.
*Ticket price includes exhibition admission, Turkish lite bites by Serap Uzunoglu, a glass of wine (21+), and after the performance meet-and-greet with the musicians. Advance registration and pre-payment required.
The Carpe Diem String Quartet and Persian santur master Dr. Dariush Saghafi will perform selections by celebrated composers including Shahab Pâranj, Reza Vali, and Erberk Eryilmaz, accompanied by beautiful animation of Persian calligraphy by designer Omid Nemalhabib.
One of the most unique and sought-after ensembles on the concert stage today, the Carpe Diem String Quartet is a boundary-breaking ensemble that has earned widespread critical acclaim for its performances of traditional repertoire, new music, genre-bending collaborations, and community engagement. The Quartet appears regularly on traditional concert series stages like Carnegie Hall in New York City, Jordan Hall in Boston, The National Gallery of Art in Washington DC, The Accademia Chigiana in Siena, Suntory Hall in Tokyo, National Library Concert Hall in Beijing, and The BinHai Performing Arts Center in Tianjin, as well as in unconventional venues like Poisson Rouge in NYC, the Bach Dancing and Dynamite Society of Half-Moon Bay, CA, and the Mug & Brush in Columbus, OH.
Carpe Diem defies classification with programming and collaborations that encompass and blend new and old classical, tango, folk, pop, rock, jazz, and multicultural music. The Quartet has contributed to and premiered works by composers from a variety of backgrounds and traditions, including Korine Fujiwara, Jonathan Leshnoff, Reza Vali, and Erberk Eryilmaz. Carpe Diem has also appeared in concert playing original charts by folk icons Jeff Midkiff and Jayme Stone and rock singer-songwriter Willy Porter.
Devoted to expanding the reach and impact of community engagement, Carpe Diem has been awarded six transformative outreach grants from the PNC Foundation ArtsAlive Awards. The Quartet’s outreach performances incorporate diverse and eclectic repertoire tailored to specific audience demographics; use cameras, video, and artistic contributions to enrich presentations visually; rely on communication from the stage to introduce music and engage the audience; and explore fun, imaginative, and thought provoking themes to connect audiences to chamber music. These carefully crafted performances have allowed the Quartet to reach underserved audiences including The Apache Nation, Ohio Women’s Reformatory residents, and families at the Columbus Museum of Art.
Dariush Saghafi began his study of santoor (also spelled santur) at the age of 11 with Ostad Abolhassan Saba, a leading figure in Persion music. Dr. Saghafi was twice the recipient of the Gold Medal in santoor competitions among students from all Iranian colleges and universities and subsequently taught santoor at the Tabriz School of Music in Iran. Saghafi, a recipient of the 2008 Pennsylvania Council on the Arts Fellowship Award in Traditional Art, is a highly respected musician whose santoor playing and style reflect the traditional excellence of the master players of the instrument. His performances in Iran have included concerts in Tehran and Tabriz, both as a soloist and in ensembles. In the United States, he has performed to critical acclaim at New York University, Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall in New York, the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., and has given numerous concerts in Ohio and in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania region. Saghafi is a regular collaborator of composer Reza Vali, performing Vali’s work for santoor and string quartet with Cuarteto Latinoamericano, Quatro Puntos and the Carpe Diem String Quartet.
Reza Vali was born in Ghazvin, Iran, in 1952. He began his music studies at the Conservatory of Music in Tehran. In 1972 he went to Austria and studied music education and composition at the Academy of Music in Vienna. After graduating from the Academy of Music, he moved to the United States and continued his studies at the University of Pittsburgh, receiving his Ph.D. in music theory and composition in 1985. Mr. Vali has been a faculty member of the School of Music at Carnegie Mellon University since 1988. He has received numerous honors and commissions, including the honor prize of the Austrian Ministry of Arts and Sciences, two Andrew W. Mellon Fellowships, commissions from the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, the Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, Kronos Quartet, the Carpe Diem String Quartet, the Seattle Chamber Players, and the Arizona Friends of Chamber Music, as well as grants from the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts, The Pittsburgh Foundation, and the Pittsburgh Board of Public Education. He was selected by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust as the Outstanding Emerging Artist for which he received the Creative Achievement Award. Vali's orchestral compositions have been performed in the United States by the Pittsburgh Symphony, the Seattle Symphony, the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, the Baltimore Symphony, the Memphis Symphony Orchestra, and Orchestra 2001. His chamber works have received performances by Cuarteto Latinoamericano, the Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, the Carpe Diem String Quartet, Kronos Quartet, the Seattle Chamber Players, and the Da Capo Chamber Players. His music has been performed in Europe, China, Chile, Mexico, Hong Kong, and Australia and is recorded on the Deutsche Grammophon, Naxos, New Albion, MMC, Ambassador, Albany, and ABC Classics labels.
Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!
