Free admission to Treasured Ornament is available for Allegheny County Library Card holders through The Allegheny County Regional Asset District's RAD Pass program at RadPass.org.
Treasured Ornament: 10 Centuries of Islamic Art illuminates the expertly crafted and exquisitely ornate objects that anchored everyday life in Muslim civilizations in Southwest Asia, Northern Africa, and beyond, including Iran, Egypt, India, Syria, and Turkey. Featuring fine glassware, ceramics, metalwork, painting, weaving, and much more, Treasured Ornament evokes the rich history of the Islamic world, and the shared human experiences that bind us, transcending borders and boundaries.
Chief Curator and Director of Collections, Dawn Brean, and Director of Learning and Visitor Experience, Amanda Gillen, spoke with WQED's Emily Brunner about Treasured Ornament and the unique exhibition programming coming to the Frick this autumn.
Enhance your Treasured Ornament experience by taking a deeper dive into the art, themes, and history of the exhibition. Visit our resources page for more information about further reading, interactive maps, and exhibition texts.
The Pittsburgh presentation is a collaborative institutional effort led by Dawn Brean, chief curator and director of collections along with Lauryn Smith, assistant curator; Morgan Lawrence, manager of collections and exhibitions; Bella Hanley, collections and exhibitions assistant; and Christina Cichra, collections technician.
The exhibition was curated by Christopher Hatten and based on research published in the accompanying catalogue written by Walter B. Denny, Distinguished Professor of the History of Art and Architecture at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, and Sue D'Auria, former associate curator at the Huntington Museum of Art. Glenna Barlow, Curator of Education at the Columbia Museum of Art in South Carolina, generously shared the interpretive plan, didactics, and labels from CMA's 2023 presentation of the exhibition.
The Frick is grateful to Sahar S. Hosseini, PhD, Assistant Professor of the History of Art and Architecture and Yasmine Flodin-Ali, PhD, Assistant Professor of Modern Islam and Race in the Department of Religious Studies, both at the University of Pittsburgh, for reviewing and refining the exhibition texts for the Frick Pittsburgh's display.
Thank you to the partners, performers, and artists making our exhibition programming possible: Luqmon Abdus-Salaam, Benjamin Aysan, Carpe Diem String Quartet, Jim Cunningham, Fann Club at the University of Pittsburgh, Chad Hunter and the Pittsburgh Silent Film Society, Ishtar Vintage Bellydance Band, Mahtab Nadalian, Dr. Dariush Saghafi, Serap Uzunoglu, Reza Vali, and Khadijat Yussuf. Browse the calendar of upcoming exhibition events here.
Thank you to the talented team of art handlers who installed the exhibition: Scott Hunter, Duncan MacDiarmid, Kate Pirilla, and Briget Shield. Additional thanks to EngineHouse, Markantone Painting, and graphic designer Jennie Denton for helping to transform the galleries.
Additional thanks are due to our colleagues at the Aga Khan Museum (Toronto) for leading a Frick all-staff learning opportunity on the exhibition's context and themes.
Experience Treasured Ornament from August 17 through October 20, 2024. Tickets are not timed. You may enter the exhibition at any time between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. during the day of your ticket.
Members: Free
General Admission: $15
Seniors 65+, Students w/ ID, Military/Veterans, Adults w/ Disabilities, Teachers: $12
Museums for All (EBT): $1
Youth 17 & under:$5
Free admission to Treasured Ornament is available for Allegheny County library card holders through RAD Pass at radpass.org.
Treasured Ornament: 10 Centuries of Islamic Art is organized by the Huntington Museum of Art and is toured by International Arts & Artists, Washington, DC.

 
Treasured Ornament: 10 Centuries of Islamic Art is made possible in part by the generous support of Kirk J. Johnson and Henry W. Krakovsky, Jr.
Browse through a selection of  pieces on display in Treasured Ornament: 10 Centuries of Islamic Art.
(Header) Iran, Tile, 14th century, underglaze-painted fritware. Gift of Drs. Joseph B. and Omayma Tourma. Huntington Museum of Art (West Virginia).
Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!
