Plan your visit to The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival with special details about local vendors, live music, and exciting activities.
Pittsburgh is a foodie’s haven, and our taco scene is no exception. With freshly made corn tortilla shells and an abundance of flavorful fillings, this annual taco fest in Pittsburgh is the ultimate culinary adventure through Mexican cuisine. Stroll through an array of top-notch vendors, where the aroma of Mexican spices will beckon you into trying soul-comforting bites.
Every year, the festival generates support for non-profit organizations that aid Pittsburgh’s Latin American community. Nestled in the Strip District, authenticity is at the core of The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival, brimming with local food establishments, artisans, and musicians.
The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival will be held at The Stacks at 3 Crossings, which is located at 2875 Railroad Street. 
Exclusive features of the event will vary depending on the type of admission. Register for tickets to The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival here.
From classic dishes to modern twists, The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival boasts an array of scrumptious offerings. Along with exceptional tacos, this festival sets a vibrant setting that’s perfect for enjoying empanadas, ice pops, pupusas, and arepas. Vegan and gluten-free options will also be available at different vendors. Indulge in decadent delights from eateries and food trucks such as Tocayo, Mi Empanada, and Vaya. Check the official website of The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival for more details about each local business.
Event-goers are encouraged to enjoy tacos and unforgettable fun with their little ones! From free face painting sessions to thrilling games, this taco festival has something for everyone. Don’t miss strolling through an art market with collections of eye-catching pieces.
Tap your feet to infectious beats as mariachi performers cultivate a lively ambience during the festival. Elevate your taco-trying experience with a salsa dancing lesson and move through high-energy rhythms.
Food and fun just go together and, in Pittsburgh, food is often the reason for the fun.
There is no shortage of fantastic local spots to grab a tasty taco – or three – in Pittsburgh! We’ve…
Colorful foliage. Crisp air. Pumpkins. What's not to love about Fall?