From outdoor shopping and toasty refreshments to indoor exhibits and bites for the whole family, there are plenty of ways to enjoy the holidays in Pittsburgh.
Experience the magic of the Holidays in Pittsburgh! Enjoy seasonal events and celebrations – all while following health and safety guidelines. Visit cool places, support small and local businesses and make plans to glide across the glistening ice rink.
Read on for more on how you can get in the Holiday spirit this season!
This annual celebration is the official kickoff of Pittsburgh's Holiday celebration. Experience a full night of vibrant activities and events, including concerts from national and local artists, extraordinary firework displays, family activities, the seasonal opening of Pittsburgh's winter attractions, the spectacular illumination of the Golden Triangle and more!
Downtown Pittsburgh is festive and fun at the annual Peoples Gas Holiday Market™ where you can browse outdoor wooden chalets brimming with unique gifts and holiday experiences filled with international flair and local charm. Enjoy live music as you stroll through an illuminated Market Square, and don't forget to stop by for a visit with Santa himself!
Create smiles and memories when you skate at The UPMC Rink at PPG Place. Since 2001, this rink has been a staple attraction in Downtown Pittsburgh during the holidays.
What’s a holiday celebration without meeting the man of the hour, Santa Claus? Bring the kids and their wish lists to visit with Santa in-person at his festive house in Heinz Hall Courtyard, thanks to BNY Mellon! Once again, families have the wonderful option for their young ones to visit with either a Black or White Santa. Just let Santa’s helpers know who you prefer!
Shop one-of-a-kind handmade products from 250+ talented makers and artists at the largest holiday market in the region at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center at Handmade Arcade! This free market goes from 11 a.m.-6 p.m. on Dec. 7, but Friday Night happy hour and Saturday early bird tickets are available if you want to shop early and avoid the crowds.
Venture from Market Square across town to the U.S. Steel Tower and visit The Pittsburgh Crèche, the world's only approved replica of the Vatican's Nativity Scene.
2023 Details TBA. Enjoy a family pitstop at the Heinz Hall Courtyard as it transforms into a child’s television dreamland for the holidays. Explore colorful backdrops and life-sized standees of popular characters from Fred Rogers Productions’ beloved children’s shows and other PBS favorites, including Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood, Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood, Peg + Cat and Odd Squad.
Pittsburgh's signature New Year's celebration, Highmark First Night Pittsburgh, takes place in the Cultural District with a variety of family-friendly activities and, of course, fireworks!
Phipps' glowing gardens are back and bigger, brighter and more breathtaking than ever! Their 2023 show, Holiday Magic!, features a Winter Flower Show of holiday trees, 1,600+ poinsettias, orchids, amaryllis and topiary reindeer, while the Winter Light Garden wows guests including tens of thousands of lights, glowing tunnels and illuminated panes of glass. With a new theme of Arctic Adventure, be on the lookout for arctic whale, iceberg, narwhal and polar bear displays with twinkling lights, water features and incredible scenery.
Carnegie Trees: Wintry Days & Frosty NightsNov. 18, 2023-Jan. 7, 2024
Since 1961, the annual installation and decoration of the Carnegie Trees has kicked off the holiday season at the museum. The Hall of Architecture will be transformed into a winter wonderland featuring towering Fraser fir trees lit to perfection and trimmed with glistening snow, gingerbread, baubles and more.
See an elaborate panorama of live in 18th-century Naples and view the nativity scene recreated with miniature figures. The museum has carried on this centuries-old tradition since 1957.
Pittsburgh's Oakland neighborhood will be aglow for a monthlong winter festival with art installations, live music and lights throughout. GLOWLAND will be anchored by Impulse, an interactive and family friendly art installation of playable seesaws that create sound and light in ever-changing compositions.
Make your season sparkle at Kennywood’s Holiday Lights. Bring your family and celebrate the return of this Pittsburgh classic. Take a stroll among more than two million twinkling lights and marvel at the tallest Christmas tree in the state. Savor the flavors of new festive foods and holiday drinks. Plus, there are rides for the kids and special entertainment for all. The holidays shine brighter than ever at the 10th anniversary of Kennywood’s Holiday Lights. Come make it part of your tradition select nights starting Nov. 24!
Pittsburgh Botanic Gardens promises to immerse you in the wonder of the holidays for their Dazzling Nights event, perfect for families, friends and date nights. Have fun stepping on interactive lights, explore a forest of light and fog and journey through a 65' tunnel of light on before taking a photo to remember at their towering tree.
The Pittsburgh Zoo transforms into a winter wonderland with a frosty reimagining of their treasured lantern festival with Wild Illuminations: A Holiday Lantern Experience. Expect colossal Christmas-themed lanterns, a secret forest, mystical dream tunnel and more in this walk-through and drive-through experience.
Spend your holidays at the National Aviary! Enjoy family-fun activities during Season’s Greetings Saturdays, festively-decorated Holiday Brunches in The Garden Room and late nights with the birds during Holiday Lights and Late Nights sponsored by Baird! Don’t forget to stop in the Gift Shop or visit the online store for that perfect present.
The Nationality and Heritage Rooms in the Cathedral of Learning will be decorated for the holiday season again in 2023! Guests can explore the traditions of each culture, make traditional crafts, watch cultural demonstrations and even see St. Nicholas! This event is free, but gifts and foods will be available for purchase.
Holiday shopping has never been so fun (and so filling). This free event, now in its 26th year, allows shoppers to sample fresh, homemade cookies as they find incredible gifts for everyone on their list. Make sure to hop on the event trolley as it makes stops throughout Lawrenceville and Penn Avenue.
For the 9th consecutive year, Murray & Peter present, A Drag Queen Christmas" the longest running drag tour in America at the Roxian Theatre.
This is as much a Christmas movie as Die Hard, so I'm including it here. See the timeless holiday classic with Danny Elfman's incredible score performed live to the film.
This performance by the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre is the unofficial kickoff to the holiday season as they bring the magic of The Nutcracker to the historic glasshouse at Phipps Conservatory. Tickets include admission to their Winter Flower Show and Light Garden.
City Theatre Mainstage celebrates the beloved characters of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice by continuing their story two years after the events of the novel as they gather for Christmas at Pemberly.
From a nationwide television Christmas special to the Byham Theater, Mark Milovats and his Santa Belle Dancers bring holiday favorites and pop standards together with special celebrity guests, live penguins and more.
Leave the kids at home for this one. This R-rated show by Greer Cabaret Theater joins Cindy-Lou Who, now a grown-up, for a night of cocktails, cursing and fun.
Experience the majesty of Handel’s Messiah with Music Director Manfred Honeck, the Mendelssohn Choir of Pittsburgh and your Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
From delicate traditional Irish carols to magnificent uplifting anthems, Celtic Woman has a wealth of seasonal music to gladden your heart. Celtic Woman Christmas is performed at Heinz Hall.
BenDeLaCreme and Jinkx Monsoon return as the Queens of Christmas with their acclaimed holiday show of spectacle, comedy, new songs and returning favorites.
Experience the play version of Ralphie Parker's misadventures through all the trials and tribulations of a family holiday in A Christmas Story. Just don't try licking any lampposts before or after the show.
Snow settles across the city as a wonderful adventure begins in PBT’s The Nutcracker. Join Marie, her Nutcracker prince and the Sugar Plum Fairy on a journey into the Land of Enchantment. Five fanciful scenes, more than 150 unique costumes and Tchaikovsky’s enduring score make The Nutcracker a can’t-miss holiday tradition.
See a complete screening of the film with the musical score performed live as the Muppets take on this Christmas classic with Michael Caine as Ebenezer Scrooge.
Multi-platinum classic crossover group Il Divo return to Heinz Hall performing holiday classics alongside some members of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra
Pittsburgh Musical Theater's rendition of Scrooge's journey from humbug to changed person, adapted by Ken & Jane Gargaro and performed at the Gargaro Theater.
Celebrate the season with the timeless tale of Ebenezer Scrooge and the spirits who guide him toward redemption set to yuletide melodies and dazzling special effects.
Come sing along with Ireland's own Keith & Kristyn Getty as they perform modern hymns and Christmas carols in a performance that united innovation and tradition.
Share Pittsburgh’s favorite holiday musical tradition with family, and thrill to the spectacle of the season with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra's Highmark Holiday Pops. It’s a sparkling celebration of carols, classics, sing-alongs and more! And yes, Virginia, there will be a Santa Claus!
Family-friendly, welcoming performance of Holiday Pops especially designed for those with sensory sensitivities and those on the autism spectrum.
Sensory-friendly performance of The Nutcracker by the Pittsburgh Ballet Theater with a relaxed atmosphere and accommodations such as lower sound levels and raised house lighting to create a safe and welcoming theater experience.
The University of Notre Dame will tour for the first time for their holiday program, Christmas from Notre Dame, with performances across the midwest and East coast, stopping in Heinz Hall on Dec. 18.
Join the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for this annual one-night-only tradition! Usher in the holiday season with music from Baroque favorites to new arrangements of beloved holiday classics.
Hear two MCG Jazz holiday recordings live along with special guest Ann Hampton Callaway for this one-of-a-kind holiday production.
A Magical Cirque Christmas, is a ground-breaking holiday variety show that incorporates acrobats, aerialists, comedians, daredevils and award-winning specialty acts performing incredible feats set to your favorite holiday music.
Stay tuned for a variety of other holiday events and activities throughout the season!
​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time?
It seems like pop-up bars just keep popping up! Let us help you find the most perfectly peculiar Pittsburgh pop-up…
Join us as we light up the city and officially kick-off the Pittsburgh holiday season!
Get into the holiday spirit at the 12th Annual Peoples Gas Holiday Market™!