Discover how Pittsburgh’s diversity and 90 vibrant neighborhoods make our region a major travel destination.
Pittsburgh is historically known as a melting pot of cultures and lifestyles. Settled by hard-working immigrants, our vibrant neighborhoods are alive with unique voices. We invite you to explore everything that makes Pittsburgh so special - rich cultural experiences, historic buildings and sites, locally owned small businesses, specialty shops, delicious culinary offerings and much more.
May is Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month (AAPI), chosen to commemorate both the completion of the First Transcontinental Railroad (built largely on Chinese labor) and the first Japanese immigrant arriving in the U.S., which occurred during that month.
For visitors looking to immerse themselves in Pittsburgh’s Black travel experience, here are just a few of the many sites that the city has to offer.
Looking to support and connect with Latin-owned businesses in Pittsburgh? Browse this list of Latin-owned restaurants, spas, salons, apparel, stores, arts and community organizations!
We’re celebrating four Black women in sports from Pittsburgh who have made history, set records and continue to contribute to the world of athletics.
For more than 200 years, Southwestern Pennsylvania has been impacted by the achievements and influence of the Black community.
100 sites of local, regional and national significance are represented in this guide of Black history in the region.
The Underground Railroad was undoubtedly one of the most significant forms of activism in our nation's history.
There’s no better way to experience Pittsburgh’s diverse communities than at one of our region’s engaging events. Immerse yourself in culture, entertainment, kinship, food and more at one of these memorable happenings.
Pittsburgh Embraces Juneteenth – the oldest nationally celebrated commemoration of the ending of slavery in the United States.
Music Lovers get ready for the 2022 Pittsburgh Black Music Festival on July 14-17 at Point State Park and Market Square in Downtown Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh Pride Revolution is a full four-day festival that you don't want to miss! Celebrate with Pride!
Celebrate Black artists, craft brews and the arts at the award-winning Barrel & Flow Fest
Learn more about Reel Q and the organization bringing LGBTQ+ films and events to Pittsburgh since 1985.
Enjoy a three-day celebration of the best in jazz music with world renowned and Pittsburgh musicians!
One of the largest anthropomorphics (human-like animal characters) conventions in the world, thousands of attendees travel to Pittsburgh for this unique celebration that makes Downtown the most exciting place to be in the city.
Built by a rich history, Pittsburgh's cultural offerings and welcoming people make our vibrant city a must-see destination.