Your three-day weekend is right around the corner. Here is the ultimate guide for how to make the most of your Labor Day weekend in Pittsburgh!
Work hard, play harder. There’s plenty of Pittsburgh fun to be had throughout the holiday weekend! Enjoy free concerts, festivals, special events and much more in the original birthplace of the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions in the United States and Canada.
This Labor Day weekend is the perfect opportunity to take a respite from work and bring your family and friends to the ‘Burgh for a little R&R. Pack a chair to sit under the stars for a free outdoor concert or bring a blanket to stretch out in one of our parks. Come on over. No labor involved!
TBD 2024 | Acrisure Stadium, North ShoreEnjoy mouthwatering ribs and BBQ from award-winning food vendors, free concerts, a Pitt game vs. Kent State, games and rides for the kids and more.
Aug. 30-Sept. 2 | Laser Movie Magic | Buhl PlanetariumEnjoy music of your favorite animated family films set to vibrant laser lights and special effects including songs from Frozen, The Lion King, Lilo and Stitch, The Little Mermaid, Coco and Moana. 
Celebrate the rainbow of love with Laser Pride. Featuring some of the most well-known music associated with LGBTQ+ artists and fans.
Aug. 30-Sept. 1 | Market SquarePittsburgh's Soul Food Fest honors the rich history of culinary, butchery and Black food businesses in Pittsburgh since 1795. The festival will take place in downtown Pittsburgh inside Market Square and extending to Boulevard of the Allies between Stanwix and Wood St. Enjoy delicious food from a variety of vendors across Western Pennsylvania along with: 
A post shared by A Soulful Taste of the Burgh (@asoulfultasteoftheburgh)
Aug. 31 | Acrisure StadiumCelebrate the official kickoff to the college football season at Acrisure Stadium! Watch as the University of Pittsburgh Panthers take on Kent State. The game starts at noon and will be broadcast on ESPNU and 93.7 The Fan.
Aug. 31-Sept. 1 | TBDPittsburgh Shakespeare in the Parks opens their 20th season with this tropical rendition of the Shakespearean comedy Twelfth Night complete with bikinis, wading pool and a Jimmy Buffet-infused world. Performances will continue throughout the month at different outdoor park around the city.
Sept. 1 | Hartwood Acres Park AmphitheaterExperience a night of the music of David Bowie under the stars at Hartwood Acres Park, featuring:
The concert begins at 5:30 p.m. with food trucks and craft beer from breweries. Pack a blanket unwind during this musical night in the park. A $20 per car donation is requested to benefit the Allegheny County Music Festival Fund.
The Steelers Run & Walk returns to kick off the 2024 football season! The event starts at 8 a.m. and all participants will receive a t-shirt, finisher medal, goodie bag and a chance to win autographed prizes and tickets to the home opener.
Sept. 2 | Downtown PittsburghJoin Allegheny-Fayette Central Labor Council for one of the country’s largest and oldest Labor Day parades! The parade will feature special guests from across the country as they celebrate the history of organized labor in our region.
Sept. 2 | South Park AmphitheaterExperience the Allegheny County Summer Concert Series at South Park over Labor Day weekend. Enjoy a free concert as Micky Dolenz of the Monkees with The Spuds take the stage at South Park Amphitheater.
Take your pick of concerts to enjoy Aug. 29-Sept. 2, from comedy to rock shows at some of the best venues in the city, including:
Here are a few ways to get out on the water in Pittsburgh!
Find More Ways to Get Out on Our Rivers and 10 Wet Ways to Stay Cool in Pittsburgh this Labor Day weekend!
Enjoy the great outdoors with plenty of family-friendly activities in Pittsburgh! Western Pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the United States. 
Check out our guide to 5 Spectacular Stops along the Great Allegheny Passage
Whatever you choose to do to celebrate Labor Day in Pittsburgh, enjoy yourself and share your photos using #LovePGH on social media!
Allegheny County Parks Department542 Forbes Ave., Room 211
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219
Live Nation Premium at The Pavilion at Star Lake665 Route 18
Burgettstown, Pennsylvania 15021