Let's celebrate the Pittsburgh Steelers  – here and around the world.
Bringing home win after win, the Pittsburgh Steelers are one the city’s greatest ambassadors. Join the excitement of Steelers Nation by visiting the Immaculate Reception Monument on the North Shore, explore the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum at the Heinz History Center and order the almost-famous Primanti Bros. sandwich for an authentic taste of Pittsburgh as you watch.
Read on for recommendations on how you can celebrate your love for everything Steelers no matter when you visit!
A trip to Pittsburgh to celebrate the Steelers isn't complete without stopping at historic landmarks for photo ops! Here are a few must-see stops we suggest adding to your itinerary:
Relive 90 years of Steelers history at this incredible interactive experience right at Acrisure Stadium. Opened in 2022, the Steelers Hall of Honor gives fans a one-of-a-kind look at the team. 
Diehard fans, families and general visitors will all find something new from the 50+ Hall of Honor inductees to calling your own play in the announce booth and more high energy fun as they learn about the team, the players, the coaches and the moments that define them.
On Dec. 23, 1972, the Pittsburgh Steelers played their first playoff game in franchise history against the Oakland Raiders. Just as the clock ran out, fullback Franco Harris scooped up the ball and ran for a touchdown that will forever be known as the Immaculate Reception. You can visit the memorial of this historic play in the exact spot where it happened on the site of the old Three Rivers Stadium near Acrisure Stadium.
BONUS: If you’re flying into Pittsburgh International Airport, be sure to check out the Franco Harris Immaculate Reception statue for the perfect Pittsburgh photo op, now located in the Landside Terminal (no ticket needed).
True Steelers fans know that a trip to Pittsburgh wouldn’t be complete without stopping for a photo with Steelers founder, Art Rooney, Sr. The Chief watches over Acrisure Stadium as a bronze statue holding his trademark cigar and has plenty of room for photos!
Discover the history behind the Steelers dynasty at the Heinz History Center! Holding the title of Pennsylvania’s largest History Museum, the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum is located on the Heinz History Center’s second and third floors, celebrating Western Pennsylvania’s unsurpassed sports legacy.
Do you know what a hypercycloid is? If you know the Steelers logo, you do! Read more about the history of the Steelers logo as documented by the American Iron and Steel Institute.
Stock up on Pittsburgh Steelers gear and memorabilia while you’re in the city! We are a town that bleeds black and gold, and you can find that in almost any apparel shop. Some of our favorite places to grab Steelers gear are Rally House on the North Shore and the long tables of unique merch you can find throughout the Strip District.
Located at the northeast section of Acrisure Stadium near Gate B and open seven days a week from 10 a.m.-5 p.m., you can find exclusive merchandise and an expansive apparel assortment for men, women and children. The store features the largest Terrible Towel presentation along with custom jersey printing, authentic game-used memorabilia and a large offering of Steelers collectibles and gifts. 
Do You Know the history of the luckiest towel in sports? Learn about The Terrible Towel  and how it continues to support local Pittsburghers.
Lining Smallman Street and Penn Avenue is Pittsburgh’s historic Strip District. Stop by any weekend morning and find the streets lined with shops and vendors eager to help you don the black and gold. From the ultimate Pittsburgh apparel at Yinzers in the Burgh, PGH Sports and Black and Gold Forever to fruits, veggies, flowers, jewelry and more – you are sure to find what you are looking for in the Strip District. 
Bonus: Stop in at the original Primanti Bros. and enjoy a Primanti’s sandwich. Piled high with meat, cheese, french fries and slaw, their “Almost Famous" sandwiches are a staple to Pittsburgh. And while there, snap a selfie with the mural wall and Steelers players from now and then. 
Feeling thrifty? Zed’s in the Southside offers thrifted, vintage and new items including lots of Steelers gear. Find classic shirts, sweatshirts, hats and more at this unique shop that always has something new on the rack.
One of the best sports cities in the nation also has great sports bars to watch the big game!
A look at the City of Champions' recent honors with Hall of Fame enshrinements and retired numbers.
Here are some of our favorite Steelers facts for your next trivia night:
Steelers Hall of Honor Museum100 Art Rooney Ave., Gate B
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212