From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored.
If you love art, culture, and learning, Pittsburgh is a great place to explore. With our wide range of museums and galleries, there are endless must-do items to add to your agenda.
Whether you're looking for rainy day activities or seeking family-friendly things to do, Pittsburgh's museums offer diverse perspectives, engaging exhibits, and interactive galleries. Our museums feature a variety of indoor fun during the colder months. There are no shortage of galleries or exhibits for sports lovers, foodies, history experts, science enthusiasts, and art connoisseurs. 
Explore Pittsburgh's arts and culture scene with a trip to some of our most popular attractions. Browse through a diverse array of paintings, sculptures, and more at locations such as Carnegie Museum of Art, The Frick Pittsburgh, and The Westmoreland Museum of American Art. Marvel at iconic and colorful works at Andy Warhol Museum, or stroll through immersive installations at Mattress Factory. 
Plan for a history-filled itinerary in Pittsburgh, where fascinating treasures and artifacts await. Make your way to Heinz History Center, which features a wide range of Smithsonian objects, as well as an exhibits about the Underground Railroad, Mister Rogers, and Pittsburgh's contributions to American history. Dinosaur aficionados and geology buffs will enjoy spotting one-of-a-kind specimens and gems at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. Don't miss making a stop at Fort Pitt Museum, discovering Western Pennsylvania's impact on a historic events such as the American Revolution and the development of Pittsburgh. 
Enrich your learning about the most awe-inspiring milestones in the scientific world with hands-on experiences and multifaceted exhibits. Visit Moonshot Museum for out-of-this-world memories, watching the assembly of spacecraft and participating in simulated lunar missions. Discover a wide range of eureka-like moments at Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Science Center, wandering through a planetarium, a submarine, and a fitness area where you can transform into a human yo-yo. Younger audiences will relish exciting activities at Children's Museum of Pittsburgh, where creativity is inspired by spots such as a waterplay area and a "Makeshop."
Pittsburgh sports fans will be enthralled by Steelers Hall of Honor Museum, which commemorates the history of the team with rare memorabilia and celebrates 49 inductees. For a more eclectic spin on your museum outing, visit Bicycle Heaven Museum, embarking on an adventure through the world's biggest bike museum and store. 
Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts and cultural scene that we locals take much pride in.
No matter your artistic style, Pittsburgh has a museum for you.
​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time?
​However you like to roll, Pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you.