Next time you visit one of our three major stadiums, you can taste some of the best of our regional food, as well as some wacky options that surprisingly work.
PNC Park, the home of the Pittsburgh Pirates, has a variety of tasty treats. Classic Pittsburgh food options at the park include the Primanti Bros. sandwich, stacked high with deli coleslaw and French fries.
Enjoy a bite of our Only in Pittsburgh offerings at Chicken on the Hill, which features a menu inspired by Coop de Ville in the Strip District. Order the pimento friend chicken sandwich and thank us later. Deli Dogs (inspired by Smallman Street Deli) offers upscale takes on the classic ballpark hot dog, with high-quality dogs and buns served Reuben, Chicago and chili style. And, ballpark nachos get kicked up a notch by Nachoritas with queso and crema for a satisfying addition.
And that's just the beginning! Read our full recap of what to eat section by section of the stadium for a full look at the flavors of PNC Park.
When the Pittsburgh Penguins hit the ice at the PPG Paints Arena, there’s no shortage of food for fans to enjoy. Check out the meatballs at Emporio: A Meatball Joint. One of Pittsburgh’s best sushi restaurants, Nakama, has two locations in the arena where fresh rolls and sashimi are made throughout the game. 
Quench your thirst with a beer from Turnpike Tavern’s selection, but if you’re looking for something sweet, enjoy a milkshake from one of Pittsburgh’s more beloved burger restaurants, Burgatory.
How do you make the American classic, the corndog, any better? You incorporate Doritos and pretzels. An order of Doritos Corn Dog Pretzels at Acrisure Stadium, home to the Pittsburgh Steelers, includes two freshly battered corn dogs, coated with crushed Doritos and topped with nacho cheese and scallions, on a bed of Doritos. 
If you’re craving pizza, check out Franco’s Pizzeria, which features three Steelers’ themed pies: The Immaculate Pie, Gina Margarita & PeppeRooney Pizza. If beer isn’t your preferred beverage, Acrisure Stadium features a diverse wine selection at the North Shore Winery stand.
Also worth checking out at Acrisure are the Potato Patch Fries just like Kennywood does 'em (Section 106), Pierogi House for a Pittsburgh staple (Section 119) and the spicy chicken & waffle sandwich (Club seats).
Pro Tip: Use the Steelers Official Mobile App to order your next beer or snack so you can skip the line, pick-up by scanning your bar code and be back in your seat before you can say Franco's Italian Army.
A Culinary Tour of PNC Park | A Food Map of the Ballpark                                
Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park115 Federal St., PNC Park at the North Shore
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212