Cozy up with that special someone on these fall-themed date nights
It's finally fall! If you're in need of a spooky-, pumpkin spice- or harvest-themed date night idea, Pittsburgh has you covered. There's only so much time before the fall festivities turn into reindeer games, so make the most out of fall with these Pittsburgh date night ideas.
Pittsburgh is surrounded with farmers markets, and there's no better time to visit than the fall. Head to Trax Farms, Soergels Orchards, or Shenots (to name a few) for the ultimate fall-time date. Pittsburgh offers plenty of festivals to carve a pumpkin, get “lost” in a corn maze or go on a hayride. If you are not sure which one to check out, take a look at our Fall Festivals Guide
Not for the weak-hearted, Pittsburgh is a top spot for haunts and the go-to escape for haunted house enthusiasts. This date night will test your relationship (and survival skills) as you enter Pittsburgh's ultimate haunted houses, including Hundred Acres Manor bringing the screams, or Zombies of the Corn which arms you with a paintball gun and lets you fight back against the zombie horde.
If you're an adventure-seeker or just a kid at heart, you'll want to explore Phantom Fall Fest at Kennywood. Come early and ride the Phantom's Revenge and other scream-inducing rides, then stick around after dark for phantoms stalking you through haunted houses and scare zones! This is the perfect date night complete with white-knuckle roller coasters, devilishly good food and spine-tingling fun.
Pittsburgh's horror heritage is unmatched. It's where zombie movies first made their mark, bursting out of their graves and onto the scene with Pittsburgh filmmaker George Romero's Night of the Living Dead and Dawn of the Dead. Plan a zombie-infested date night seeking out filming locations before binging these made in PGH flicks.
If you can't get enough of scary movies, then head straight to Bierport bottle shop and Rowhouse cinema for date night. Bierport's taproom is now open seven days a week, so find a new favorite (bonus for going local), then bring it to the other side of the building into Rowhouse for your horror film of choice.
There's nothing like filling your house with the sweet smell of fall. At Mix Candle Co. in Pittsburgh, you can create your very own custom candle. You start out by selecting your scents with the expert candle makers and then proceed with making the candle. This is a great way to start your date night and, while your candle is drying, you can pop over to any of the surrounding Lawrenceville bars or restaurants.
If the candle and paint date night ideas are passé for you, don't worry. Pittsburgh has tons of ways to stay active and create together so you go home with something truly one-of-a-kind. 
Take a jewelry making or wood class with Contemporary Craft, create your own custom scents with Galimard, forge a ring with the expert blacksmiths at The Barefoot Forge or sign up for a Make-It-Now workshop at Pittsburgh Glass Center to take home coasters, cups and even blown glass pumpkins!
Sure, summer is great, but fall is when the Cultural District really comes to life! Our fall 2024 season of shows includes the PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh productions of Hamilton, & Juliet and MJ the Musical, plus productions from the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, Pittsburgh Opera, Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre, Liberty Magic and more! Add in national touring comedians and immersive theatre options, and this is the best time of the year to attend a show.
I'll be honest, I plan my date night activities right from our fall festivals page. Seemingly every weekend there is something new and different to enjoy including pumpkin festivals, Pittsburgh Irish Festival, fall foliage cruises and so much more. 
Find somewhere to eat and a place to grab a drink afterward, and planning your date night takes less than five minutes for a guaranteed good time.
The joy of discovery is the reason why thrifting has become such a trendy thing to do in Pittsburgh. You never know what store might hold the perfect piece that's been missing from your wardrobe. Luckily, we developed our guide to thrifting in the city to help you find the best bargains, upcycled clothing and eco-friendly creative surplus and supplies stores.
Another reason I love Pittsburgh so much: You don't need to spend a ton on tickets to have a good time. Slow things down and enjoy a date night at one of the parks surrounding the city, taking plenty of stops for photos and a blanket for snuggling. Better yet, fill a picnic basket with some of your favorite Pittsburgh foods to snack on as you watch the leaves change.
Phipps Botanical Gardens is a great spot to walk around with your special someone and see the beautiful fall flowers. Nothing in Pittsburgh adjusts to the seasons like Phipps! 
Opening Oct. 5, 2024, see their Fall Flower Show: Rhythm and Blooms with magnificent, music-inspired displays of chrysanthemums. Be sure to pause a moment at the Garden Railroad as their new display Movie Magic opens that same day with whimsical scenes that will transport you to the big screen.
For our couples out there that like watching sports, a Pittsburgh Penguins hockey game is a great option. Pens games are exciting, vibrant and capture the magic of a fall day or night in Downtown. College Students: don’t forget to use Student Rush!
If hockey isn't your game, the end of the Pirates and Riverhounds seasons collides with the beginning of Steelers and Pitt Panthers football seasons during fall, making the hardest part of date night getting tickets to these high-energy events.
Pittsburgh's breweries and beer-centric are celebrated throughout the year, but fall is always an ideal time to discover that new brewery together. Pittsburgh neighborhoods have great breweries around every corner, and fall means it's time for festive new releases like pumpkin stouts, brown ales, porters, stouts and much more along with Oktoberfest celebrations at seemingly every location. 
Follow our beer map and plan your route for fall flavors.
Pittsburgh has so many great restaurants and places to take in a nice view, why not combine that into one night? Go to a North Shore restaurant and walk the river trail, or from Market Square to the Point, or even from Station Square up the incline to Mt Washington! There are endless combinations to try around the city. 
Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park115 Federal St., PNC Park at the North Shore
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212