Relive 90 years of Steelers history with interactive exhibits for all fans of the black and gold
Just opened at the end of 2022, the brand new Steelers Hall of Honor Museum is a spectacle, encapsulating 90 years of Steelers history and nearly 50 Hall of Honor inductees across 10,000 square feet of Acrisure Stadium.
My first impression was shock at just how massive the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum is. Guests enter via the B Suite gates right next to the Pro Shop, and the stage is set by a stadium seating hype video before turning guests loose into the museum proper. Long corridors twist and turn through rare artifacts, many on display for the first time, as well as retellings and recreations of the biggest moments of the team. 
Here's just a few reasons why this museum is a must-see Only in Pittsburgh attraction.
When you have a team this storied and with so many accolades, I think it would've been easy for the Steelers to focus on the 70s and 2000s eras only. What I absolutely loved about the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum, however, is that is paints a complete picture of the Steelers franchise that lets guests truly understand the team.
The very first panel you'll see in the museum harkens back to football history, noting that the first professional football game was played in Latrobe (hey, that's my hometown!), just a short drive from Pittsburgh. You'll see the struggles of the early teams, the impact of World War II on the rosters and the difficulties Art Rooney had to overcome.
In the end, experiencing so much history about non-championship seasons made me appreciate those Ws even more. The Hall of Honor Museum is a celebration of all things Steelers, not just the Lombardi trophies, and show the tireless efforts of the Rooneys, coaches and players who led this team to the Super Bowl again and again.
With three energetic kids, a stuffy, quiet museum is not an option. Luckily, the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum is family-friendly and perfect for even the most boisterous fans on game day. Interactive displays let guests select the era they're interested in, scroll timelines of important events and re-live impactful moments like one section dedicated entirely to the Immaculate Reception.
Think you can outdo Myron Cope? Enter the broadcast booth and pick a classic play which you can then do commentary on! At the end, the display plays back video and audio of how you did, which is sure to bring lots of laughs.
Near the end of the Museum, interactive displays let you measure up to the Steelers, encouraging you to run out of the entrance tunnel and jump as high as you can just like you're taking the field at Acrisure to a raucous crowd.
After you're done viewing all six Super Bowl rings, the final part of the exhibit is perhaps the true highlight. A massive wall of bronzed footballs enshrines each member of the Hall of Honor, with multiple displays that let you select a person, scroll through a timeline of their life and play videos of some of their most memorable moments.
Diehard Steelers fans, you can easily spend an hour or two just in this room. With new members added yearly (and hopefully a new Super Bowl ring to add soon), there's a new reason to tour the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum each season.
Ready to tour? The Steelers Hall of Honor Museum is open Wednesday-Monday from 11 a.m.-4 p.m. and passes can be booked online. Tours happen on the hour and the last tour of the day begins at 3 p.m. Please Note: The museum will be closed on University of Pittsburgh home games.
Tours last about one hour, and all guests receive 10% off the Steelers Pro Shop on the bottom floor when they present their passes.
Passes are $18 for adults, $15 for seniors/military, $12 for kids 6-17 and free for 5 and under. Group tours are also available.
From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored.