For things to do in Pittsburgh this weekend and upcoming events that will pique your interests, fire up your taste buds and inspire new adventures, look no further. Check back each week for an up-to-date list of what to do in the 'Burgh.
Oct 8 | Lounge at the Greer CabaretPrepare to be swept away by a blend of jazz, soul, and everything in between as Tommy takes you on a musical journey you won’t forget. Don’t miss your chance to experience the magic of this talented musician live! Grab your tickets and get ready to groove!
Oct 9 | Byham TheaterJoin MrBallen, the master of true crime storytelling and one of the internet's most captivating narrators, as he embarks on his very first live tour! Prepare yourself for an unforgettable evening filled with chilling tales and spine-tingling mysteries that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
Oct 9 | Harris TheaterGet ready to travel back to February 14th, 1972, when the Revolution WAS televised! Daytime Revolution takes you on an unforgettable journey to the week John Lennon and Yoko Ono co-hosted the legendary Mike Douglas Show.
Oct 11 | Grand Hall at The PrioryA 5-course wine dinner experience with an abstract fashion element featuring 5 local chefs, and mix of 5 local designers and drag queens.
Oct 11 | Heinz History CenterThe Heinz ketchup bottle isn’t just a condiment—it's a symbol of Pittsburgh’s rich and colorful history. Join us as we celebrate H.J. Heinz’s 180th birthday in the most saucy way possible!
Oct. 11, 18 & 25 | The Terminal Get ready to embrace the autumn vibes every Friday in October from 5-8 PM! The Terminal is transforming into a cozy haven for all things local and festive.Explore a curated collection of amazing small businesses showcasing everything from handmade crafts to delicious treats. Support local makers and find the perfect goodies to kick off your fall season!
Through Oct 13, 2024 | Downtown PittsburghThroughout the 11-day festival, Market Square and Sixth Street Bridge will be transformed into a Biergarten and Karneval with activities for everyone, including live music, Ferris wheel, Feats of Strength competitions, Dachshund Races, a KinderPlay family area, Veterans Night, and more.
Through Oct. 13 | Pittsburgh OperaPuccini’s whirlwind political thriller packs high romance, dark motives, love, betrayal, murder, and intrigue all into a plot that unfolds over only 24 hours. See why Tosca is one of the most powerful operas ever written.
Oct. 11-13 | David L. Lawrence Convention CenterThe RV Fall Show features the newest RV models and state-of-the-art equipment in one location. You may discover anything you're looking for here, including stylish motorhomes, adaptable travel trailers, durable truck campers, and roomy destination trailers. Come see a fantastic display of RVs, toy haulers, diesel pushers, and more!
Through Oct. 27 | KennywoodExperience the ultimate fall thrill with spooky rides, ghostly attractions, and festive fun for all ages. Enjoy haunted houses, delicious fall treats, and eerie entertainment as the park transforms into a Halloween haven. Whether you're a thrill-seeker or just in for the seasonal cheer, Kennywood's Phantom Fall Fest is your go-to destination for a spine-tingling good time. Grab your costume and join the fun—if you dare!
Through Nov. 3 | Pittsburgh Zoo & AquariumThousands of artistically carved pumpkins will glow in the night during the walk-through Jack O’Lantern Extravaganza. These gourd-geous works of art will feature beloved Zoo animals and familiar characters from the worlds of entertainment, science, fantasy, pop culture, sports, and more, presented with sound, light, and other special effects.
Through Jan. 5, 2025 | Carnegie Science CenterStep into the world of Pixar in this upcoming blockbuster exhibition with Woody, Buzz Lightyear, Mike and Sulley, Nemo and Dory, and all your favorite Pixar characters! Flex your STEM muscles by taking on fun challenges throughout the two-story, 12,000-square-foot playground!
Through Jan 18, 2025 | Contemporary CraftContemporary Craft invites viewers to explore the captivating duality between the beauty of Ikebana – traditional Japanese flower arrangement – and the eternal nature of well-crafted objects. Four artists engage with members of Sogetsu Ikebana Pittsburgh, sparking contemplation of time, materiality, and heritage.
Through Jan. 20, 2025 | The Andy Warhol MuseumIn celebration of its 30th anniversary, The Warhol presents KAWS + Warhol, the first exhibition to examine the dark themes present in the work of both artists. From skulls to car crashes, both artists deploy their signature bright colors and pop culture references while also presenting the lurid spectacle of death. The dark undercurrents in the work of KAWS and Warhol are magnified and brought into plain sight by presenting the two artists together for the first time.
Through March 9, 2025 | Carnegie Museum of Natural HistoryThe Stories We Keep features more than 80 ancient items—including the 4,000-year-old Dahshur boat, one of only four in the world. Engage with these objects like never before, have conversations with museum conservators, observe the care and restoration of objects in real time, and attempt the work yourself by reassembling replicas of ancient artifacts.
Oct. 19 | The Stacks at 3 CrossingsStep into a pumpkin paradise where colossal gourds, some tipping the scales at over 2,500 pounds, steal the show. Enjoy giant pumpkin displays, thrilling pumpkin carving, jaw-dropping pumpkin drops, horse carriage rides, a 5K run/walk, hay bale painting, nearly 100 food and craft vendors, a kids zone, glass blowing, and loads of FREE family fun!
Oct. 19, 2024 | Market SquareSpaceBurgh is a free festival of space science, robotics, and science fiction, taking place in Market Square Pittsburgh from noon-8 p.m. Their mission is to inspire and educate the public about the wonders of space through engaging activities, interactive exhibits, and fascinating presentations.
Oct. 19-20, 2024 | The Backyard at 8th & Penn Ave.The Highmark International StrEAT Festival brings a vibrant summer event to the downtown community and provides a place for Pittsburgh families and friends to learn more about different cultures from around the world via food from 80+ vendors and live music.
Do you have an upcoming event you'd like featured? Add it to our online events calendar! 
Performances in the Parks | Pittsburgh Outdoor Theatre, Musicals & Dance                                