In town for your first Pens game? We answer all your questions.
No fall or winter trip to the city is complete without a stop at the gorgeous PPG Paints Arena to check out the five-time Stanley Cup Champions, the Pittsburgh Penguins! The Pens’ consistent success and the arena’s outstanding fan experience combine to make this one of Pittsburgh’s most sought-after tickets. Check out our guide for you to make the most out of your gameday!
The in-game experience is better than ever in PPG Paints Arena's 12 year history, with more than $30 million of improvements on display for the Penguins season. The new scoreboard is 3x the size of the previous one and, combined with a brand new sound system and lighting, will make being at the game an unforgettable experience.
Also new for 2023 is the Casamigos Club with private, upscale seating that includes complimentary food stations plus beer and wine for season ticket holders. Individual tickets for the Club can also be purchased on the Penguins website.
OnlineThe Pens offer single game and group tickets on their website you can also get group tickets or look through the resale market. The Pens also offer a military and first responder discount.
Student RushThe Pens’ most popular promotion is the GetGo Student Rush. It offers fantastic discounts for college students. All you need to do is download the Penguins App, text RUSH to 412-534-6266, and sign up using your “.edu” email.
Mobile TicketingPPG Paints Arena ticketing is mobile-only. You can download your tickets through the Ticketmaster or Penguins Apps. If you don’t have a mobile phone or your phone is having an issue, you can see guest services inside the Highmark Gate. For more info you can check out the Pens website.
Public Transportation Taking the bus to the game from anywhere around the city is the easiest way to go the game. You can check out bus schedules or download the Whiz or Transit apps which helps users plan out their bus trips in real time. If you want to take the T to the game (Pittsburgh's light rail), the nearest stop is at Steel Plaza, which is less than half a mile from the arena.
Parking InformationThere are multiple parking lots and garages surrounding the arena and on Fifth Ave. The Mellon Center garage is also a good option that’s walkable to the arena. You can find more info on the Pens website. Make you sure you get to Downtown early!
Souper BowlThe closest bar to stadium on this list, Souper Bowl run tons of specials around Pens games. Their upstairs is an exciting pre- and post-game spot with tons of fellow fans and a very big beer selection. They won’t mind seeing away team fans, too.
Shale’s CaféShale’s is also very close to PPG Paints Arena and has turned into a local favorite dive bar. They are known for having a great yet inexpensive food and drink selection, an awesome atmosphere and a lot of free parking. There's no better spot for a pre-game beer.
Moonlit BurgersNew to the area is Moonlit Burgers, the second location of the popular Dormont smashburger shop located right on Duquesne's campus. Don't let the college atmosphere fool you, this colorful spot offers cocktails, drafts and even shots to accompany your bacon double cheeseburger, shoestring fries and pickle brined chicken sandwiches.
Pizza MilanoAlso right along the walk to the stadium, Pizza Milano has been the go-to stop before Pens games and other PPG events for years. Chow down on delicious pizzas, mozzarella sticks, gyros and calzones while you enjoy a drink and putting something fun on the jukebox.
PPG Paints Arena has a variety of concessions and tons of options including Pittsburgh favorites like Primanti's sandwiches and Quaker Steak wings, along with the usual popcorn, chicken tendies and fries. Here are a couple other options for you to consider:
GetGo, Section 116GetGo in the arena is modeled like the local favorite convenience store. They have grab-and-go options with lots of drinks and food such as chicken tenders, salads and wraps, mac and cheese bites and so much more!Milkshake Factory, 107It’s as good as it sounds. They have the best milkshakes in the arena, including their famous Jake’s Shake. Inspired by fan favorite Jake Guentzel, his shake is chocolate with hot fudge, crushed cookies and brownies and a piece of chocolate in the whip cream.
Burgatory, 206Burgatory has helluva good burgers, fries and heavenly milkshakes making this an easy one stop shop to load up for the game and not miss a second of the action.
Nakama, 105While you're on the ice, grab some of the best sushi in Burgh. Just make sure you pay attention to the action so you can use those chopsticks to snag a puck out of the air and then go back to your roll.
Fox’s Pizza, Multiple LocationsTasty, grab-n-go pizzas that you can find anywhere around the arena.
Walk to the glass to watch warmupsBefore the puck drops, it’s very common for people to mingle down by the ice, stand by the glass and try to get a puck or an item signed. There are always plenty of other families, and your chances of getting something from one of the Pens many stars aren’t too bad.
Go see IceburghThe Pens mascot, Iceburgh, always walks around during games and is a kid favorite. Get a picture with him! You’re bound to run into him as he dances over or slides into your section throughout the game.
Watch out for the dance camsHas your kid ever wanted to get on the Jumbotron? This game could be their lucky day, there are always plenty of opportunities for your kids to show their moves at Pens games.
See More PenguinsCan't get enough penguins in your life? Me neither. You can find the Pens' namesake animal at both the Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium and National Aviary. In the colder months starting in December, you can see the Penguins on Parade walking from the Aquarium and exploring the Zoo. Or, meet a penguin up close at the Aviary with a Penguin Encounter giving you a one-of-a-kind photo op or step into their enclosure when you book an interactive penguin feeding!
Ride the InclineBoth the Duquesne and Monongahela Inclines are Pittsburgh staples with amazing views of Pittsburgh from the Monongahela River. After getting off on the top, take a walk on Mt. Washington to see more angles of our skyline.
Heinz History CenterIn a city known for its museums, the Heinz History Center is unique for its exhibits on Pittsburgh sports, Mr. Rodgers and the history of our area dating back to the French and Indian War. See the Strip DistrictThe Strip District is one of Pittsburgh’s most iconic neighborhoods and is known for its unique food vendors. It is right next to Downtown and one of the best places around the city to walk around.