Explore your city! Year-round discounts for Pittsburgh and Allegheny County undergrad and grad students and their families are just a download away.
BURGH101 welcomes new and returning college students and their families by providing year-round discounts at local businesses and attractions throughout the city, free!
Simply download the free BURGH101 Passport starting Aug. 1, 2024 to put discounts and special offers in the palm of your hands.
Students know why Forbes ranked Pittsburgh #2 on its list of Best U.S. Cities for College Students and Graduates for 2024. And while Pittsburgh is recognized as affordable city, Burgh 101 helps student budgets go even further. Use your free Burgh 101 pass to:
The following businesses are participating in BURGH101 for Fall 2024-Spring 2025 semesters, offering discounts and other perks when college students and their families use their code online or show their BURGH101 pass in person. New businesses will be added throughout the year, so check this list often.
Embrace a truly dynamic and unique education at Point Park University, the only university located in downtown Pittsburgh. Experience a hands-on, practical learning approach that fosters real-world skills and knowledge. Choose from a diverse array of over 100 undergraduate, master's, and doctoral programs, each offering students their own unique real-world experiences. All of this takes place on our campus situated in one of the most vibrant and exhilarating urban areas in the country.
ASCEND South Side - 2141 Mary Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15203ASCEND Point Breeze - 7443 Thomas Blvd, Pittsburgh, PA 15208
Founded in Pittsburgh, PA, ASCEND operates facilities that offer community-centered climbing, fitness, yoga, youth programs, and community events, by serving individuals and groups of all ages, backgrounds, and abilities. Located in Pittsburgh’s South Side and Point Breeze neighborhoods, as well as Erie, PA. Find Your Summit in the City!
Pittsburgh’s most memorable meal is at North Shore Tavern, home of Steak on a Stone. Our signature meals include; Filet Mignon, New York Strip, Jumbo Shrimp, Jumbo Scallops and more, which are prepared and served on a 700º lava stone and finished cooking at your table. Located a stones throw from PNC Park, this is a must stop destination for great drinks and amazing food and Pirates fans will enjoy the baseball memorabilia located throughout the restaurant. For reservations, find us on OpenTable or call 412-465-9865 for this truly unique experience.
Welcome to the Bigelow Grille Kitchen & Bar in Pittsburgh! Our comfortable culinary space is located inside the DoubleTree Hotel. Visit us and indulge in a range of comfort foods served with local beer and specialty custom craft cocktails. Situated close to the PPG Paints Arena, our hotel is perfect for you to relax with family and friends before or after any event. Take a bus from Oakland and enjoy downtown. BURGH101 participants enjoy 10% off your check and Free Chocolate Chip Cookie after your meal!
​Pittsburgh is among the top cities for educated young people, behind only Washington, D.C., Boston…
Catch a game at one of the many universities in Pittsburgh, including the University of…
​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time?
Hello, I’m Jeremy — I grew up right outside of Pittsburgh, and I’m very proud to say that I currently…
A Pitt student's guide to seeing the best of the city by bus
Feasting Through Pittsburgh: My Journey & Foodie Guide | Student Perspectives                                
Why the people, culture and food scene made it an easy decision to stay here for college
Have some Pittsburgh questions while moving your kid into college? You’ve come to the right place.
Great connections. An incredible campus. Energetic Downtown. There's lots of reasons to love being a college student in Pittsburgh.
One of the best sports cities in the nation has some great sports bars to go along with their teams!
5 Reasons Why the 2024 Backyard Brawl Will Continue to Live Up to the Hype                                
One of College Football's Best Rivalries Returns to Acrisure Stadium on Sept. 14
Pittsburgh is photo-worthy, but what are the top spots to snap a selfie for the Gram?