Fall in Pittsburgh means can’t-miss festivals, world-class haunted attractions and seas of black and gold rooting on the Steelers.
Temps may be cooling off, but the reasons to visit Pittsburgh just keep heating up this fall. In September, we get things started with a jam-packed Labor Day weekend of fun then celebrate culture with the Pittsburgh Irish Festival, Pittsburgh Soul Food Festival, The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival and Pittsburgh Chinese Cultural Festival.
Get your Terrible Towels ready, because the Steelers officially kick off their NFL season this month at Acrisure Stadium. Plus, this month is the return of the Backyard Brawl as Pitt takes on rival WVU and the Pirates, Riverhounds and even Penguins are in action.
School is officially back in session for college students in the city. We're here to help with BURGH101, a free digital pass that lets students and their families save big at 60 spots to do more during their off campus journeys.
The Pick is In! Pittsburgh will host the NFL Draft in 2026.
Partnered with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the NFL Draft! 
Need more ideas? Take a ride on the Inclines and grab the perfect photo as the leaves change. Or, just pick a new neighborhood to explore!
Fill your itinerary by picking a new craft brewery to try or refueling with dinner plans featuring iconic Pittsburgh eats such as the 2024 James Beard Award-nominated Apteka and Pusadee's Garden. 
Rest up at fantastic accommodations to recharge for the next day of exploring. 
Colorful foliage. Crisp air. Pumpkins. What's not to love about Fall?
Cozy up with that special someone on these fall-themed date nights
Steelers Nation! In Pittsburgh for the big game? We've got the scoop on how to…
In town for a big game? We've got the scoop on how to enjoy a…
Inclines, commonly known as Funiculars Railways, can be found all over the world and throughout…
🎃 Everybody Scream, Everybody Scream / At Pop-Ups This Halloween 🎵
The East End’s Jackworth Ginger Beer puts Pittsburgh on the map with a Pennsylvania first
Did you know that Pittsburgh is home to Pennsylvania's first ginger beer brewery?
Discover how Pittsburgh’s diversity and vibrant 90 neighborhoods make our region a major travel destination to discover and celebrate.
VisitPITTSBURGH, along with our network of community partners, has worked to craft a 10-Year Tourism Development Plan that establishes the foundation for a more impactful and prosperous tourism ecosystem.