A look at the City of Champions' recent honors with Hall of Fame enshrinements and retired numbers.
When you play and win for the Steelers, you are celebrated for life. We're taking a look at some of the recent inductees into the Pro Football Hall of Fame, who is on the horizon with Hall of Fame ambitions and the full list of Steelers Hall of Famers below.
You can celebrate these Pro Football Hall of Famers and other Pittsburgh greats in the City of Champions all year long.
The Steelers recently opened their own Hall of Honor to recognize all the great contributors to this historic franchise. From the Immaculate Reception monument and photo ops with The Chief outside Acrisure Stadium to a visit to the Western PA Sports Museum at the Heinz History Center, there is no shortage of ways to experience Steelers history in Pittsburgh.
Five members of the Pittsburgh Steelers were enshrined at the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2021. Pittsburgh legends Bill Cowher, Donnie Shell and Troy Polamalu were honored with the Centennial Class of 2020. Alan Faneca and Bill Nunn were honored with the 2021 class. The celebrations took place at the Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium in Canton, Ohio. 
Alan Faneca joined the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1998 and enjoyed a 206-game career in the three rivers city. Faneca started 14 playoff games, including four AFC championship games and a Steelers victory in Super Bowl XL. One of the best offensive linemen in franchise history, Faneca was a six-time, first-team All-Pro during his years with the Steelers; he was voted to nine Pro Bowls overall.
Legendary journalist and Steelers scout Bill Nunn was recognized with a video tribute as the first Black Contributor in the 100-year history of the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Nunn served 18 years as Pittsburgh’s assistant personnel director, then 23 years as a semiretired scout. Nunn also was inducted into the Black College Hall of Fame in 2010. 
Pittsburgh native Bill Cowher was the head coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers for 15 seasons from 1992 to 2006. In 2005, the Pittsburgh Steelers became the first team ever to win nine road games and the first sixth-seeded team in NFL history to win a Super Bowl, defeating the Seattle Seahawks, 21-10, in Super Bowl XL. 
Donnie Shell joined the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1974 as a free agent. Shell capped his career with 51 interceptions, becoming the first strong safety in the history of the National Football League to surpass the 50-interception mark. His 51 career interceptions rank him third in Steelers history behind Hall of Famer Mel Blount (57) and Jack Butler (52). 
Troy Polamalu spent his entire 12-year professional football career with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Polamalu was a defensive leader who guided the Steelers to seven playoff appearances, five division titles and helped them win two of their three most-recent Super Bowl appearances – XL and XLIII. 
Steelers Hall of Honor Museum100 Art Rooney Ave., Gate B
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212