Your guide to finding Pittsburgh flavors, local craft beer and ballpark staples
With iconic views, fireworks nights and Buccos baseball, PNC Park is consistently named one of the best ballparks in America for a reason.
What follows is two yinzers’ quest to eat their way around PNC Park and recap their favorite finds and flavors. Looking for a comprehensive guide to everything in the park? Check out this blog.
Our journey begins at the Riverwalk, once a more closed off region of the park and expanded in 2022 into a vibrant collection of new concession areas, seating right along the outfield, selfie spots, kids areas and gigantic Pirates bobbleheads of all-time greats.
This revitalization also led to the park infusing this area with authentic Pittsburgh cuisine, partnering with local restaurants to develop next-level ballpark food with Only In Pittsburgh inspiration. Chicken on the Hill (section 144/145) features a menu inspired by Coop de Ville in the Strip District, and Cannonball Burger (section 145/145) features Station in Bloomfield’s creations, transforming this stretch into one of PNC Park’s best food spots.
Jared: The chicken biscuit is messy but so worth it. Grab some extra napkins for this bad boy. The biscuit is buttery and flaky, the house pickle adds the acidity this needs and the breaded chicken itself is perfectly fried with just a hint of heat. This is top tier ballpark eating.
Courtney: The dessert pierogi from Cannonball Burger are unlike anything else in the park! These pillowy pockets have a great sweet cheese filling that keep you going back for bite-after-bite without being overly sweet. This is such a fun treat to snack on chillier days in the park when you're not feeling ice cream.
Bonus Tip: Don’t go back to your seats yet. Enjoy your meal at one of the seats right against the outfield railing for an amazing view of the game while you chow down.
Looking to try everything new in the park this summer? Me too! Here's a quick recap on where to find everything new this season:
Jared: My expectations were sky-high after this went viral before the season, and it is absolutely worth the buzz. The pierogis make this visually stunning (it's absolutely a requirement to take photos of every angle before eating) but my favorite elements of this came from the combo of the briny pickles and savory shredded beef and onions. You get some crunch, some snap, some well-developed slow-cooked goodness and a big mouthful of potatoes in each bite - welcome to the pinnacle of ballpark dining.
Making our way into left field, two of the newer food options immediately made us stop and load up before we got to our seats. Deli Dogs (section 135) features upscale takes on the classic ballpark hot dog, with high-quality dogs and buns served Chicago, chili and other styles. Nachoritas (section 137) again elevates the simple nachos and cheese we love and adding queso, crema and now even birria to elevate the experience.
Jared: Who knew eating corn at the ballpark would be this good? The elote from Nachoritas might seriously be my favorite food in the ballpark now. The crisp snap of the corn combined with the cotija cheese with a nice kick from the crema, and that's the best bite anywhere.
Courtney: Ok, this Pitt Dog from Deli Dogs is straight 🔥. I'm loving the heat from the cap and the crunch from the coleslaw and fried onions. Perfection.
Watching pitchers warm up is always fun at PNC Park, but there was never anywhere to sit. Enter the Bullpen Tap Bar, which offers eight of local brewer Fat Head's signature beers on tap along with a rotating selection of other breweries such as North County, Cinderlands Beer Co and even Threadbare Cider. Seats are available on the railing overlooking the bullpen, making this a perfect way to pass a few later innings.
Walk-Thru Bru locations throughout the park let you pick a can (Cinderlands and Iron City were available in every cooler I saw) but the true gem is right under the left field rotunda near Section 133, where Cinderlands is set up with drafts and cans you won't find anywhere else in the park. 
Courtney: I think it’s awesome that the Pirates are doing their part to promote local breweries, and Fat Head’s has plenty of awesome selections. My favorite is this Lime Feein’ Good Mexican-Style lager.
Jared: The Cinderlands Corner Bar is my hidden gem of the entire park. It's the perfect mix of IPAs and other lighter beers that pair perfect with ballgame weather, and there's almost never a line.
For those of us with a sweet tooth, the cookie sundae is the best dessert option in the park. You can find it at the Sweet Spot (section 106) or The Cookie & Creamery (section 119) in the infield concourse. Every ice cream/cookie combination goes great with each other, especially during a hot afternoon game, and comes served in a Pirates batting helmet.
Seriously though, there’s some fresh, innovative salads at the Market behind home plate, but the only vegetables we touched were the celery than came with the wings.
We were stuffed after our culinary tour, but it’s still worth mentioning a few other spots for great grub in the park. Grab some Only In Pittsburgh Primanti Bros. sandwiches, piled high with coleslaw and french fries, located behind section 108.
My personal PNC Park tradition is to always make sure I stop by Manny’s (also sporting a newly-designed space) in left field, where you can often find Pirates great Manny Sanguillén seated near the end of the line, who is happy to chat with fans and relive some of his greatest moments.
My Top 10 Favorite Things to Do on Pirates Game Day                                
Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park115 Federal St., PNC Park at the North Shore
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212