Join the biggest Irish celebration of the year Sept. 6-8, 2024
For more than 30 years, Pittsburgh Irish Festival has celebrated the rich culture of Ireland and its unique ties to the Burgh through music, food and dance. You only need to be Irish at heart to join this Only in Pittsburgh celebration!
Tickets: Save money by buying tickets in advance. Tickets can also be purchased at the gate. Children 12 and under FREE. $60 weekend pass. $10 Happy Hour Admission from 4-6 p.m. Friday only. $10 admission Friday with college I.D. from 6-8 p.m.
Parking: On-site $10 in advance, $12 at the gate per vehicle.
Accessibility: Parking lot shuttle available. Sensory bags available at the front gate. Baby Care Tent available. Gluten free, vegan and vegetarian food options are available.
With six stages dedicated to performances, the live music scene is always one of the top highlights of Pittsburgh Irish Festival. Hear everything from traditional Celtic and folk bands using fiddles, flutes and pipes to contemporary Celtic rock, Irish dance and Celtic-American fusion.
Headlining the 2024 festival are Screaming Orphans, an energetic all-sister band from Ireland that has collaborated with Sinéad O’Connor and Joni Mitchell. Other headliners include fan-favorites Gaelic Storm as well as Ally the Piper, Eileen Ivers, The Brigideens, Bastard Bearded Irishmen and more. Additional entertainers, Irish comedians, harpists, roving bagpipers and more keep the music and laughs going in this entertainment-packed festival.
You'll be able to smell the mouthwatering Celtic cuisine cooking as soon as you step out of your car! Savor a giant menu of traditional Irish favorites including Irish sausage, Irish stew, boxty pancakes, corned beef and cabbage, Shepherd’s Pie, fish and chips, colcannon, ham and cabbage and more available from a wide variety of vendors.
For our 21+ guests, there's plenty to sip including Irish favorites like Guinness, Harp and Smithwick's on tap, specialty drinks and cocktails made with Dubliner Irish Whiskey, Jameson and other Irish liquors, specialty cocktails and non-alcoholic offerings.
When you're full, it's time to grab a fresh Guinness and explore the rest of the Pittsburgh Irish Festival. Watch the professionals and amateurs face off at the Five Farms Irish Cream Celtic Kitchen, shop 50+ vendors at the Irish marketplace, meet some good boys at the Irish dog area and learn the incredible history of the secret Hedge School.
New for 2024 is a high-comedy magic show full of flaming feats on Friday, a fiddle frenzy collaborative performance Saturday, a stone lifting competition for the brawniest among us on Sunday, plus a brand new exhibition highlight the legacies of Irish women all weekend long. No matter if you go to the Irish Festival every year or it's your first time, you're going to be busy.
And don't be afraid to bring the wee folk. Children 12 and under get free admission and will have lots to do! The Leprechaun's Landing area is designed just for them with Irish arts, crafts and games to play or watch them explore as they learn an Irish jig, bounce on an Irish castle and play a round of mini golf.