​Spending the day watching baseball at PNC Park is a real treat.
Speaking of treats...eating at PNC Park is a culinary adventure! It's part of the whole ballgame experience. 
Here are some suggestions that go beyond peanuts and cracker jacks, AND check out some of our favorite ballgame traditions here.
PNC Park has gone all in on the ballpark staple with three new upscale versions of this easy-to-eat snack all available at different locations. The Renegade Hot Dog (Section 133: order it at the kiosks in Pop's Plaza with the Cannonball Burger and crab fries) is going to be an instant Yinzer classic: this footlong is piled with pot roast, mini pierogi, pickles and onions for a fantastic taste of Pittsburgh's food passion contained in a single bite.
Other new additions here including the Pitt Dog (Section 135) that's topped with capicola, vinegar slaw and provolone cheese from the popular Deli Dogs stand, and an amazing looking cheddar and chive brat with classic toppings of peppers, onions and mustard.
It's corn! LowKey Taco (Section 138) continues to expand their menu offerings this year at their Nachorita stand, adding roasted corn on the cob (such a great addition to snack on as you watch the game), birria beef nachos and even some sweet caramel churros to make this stand a must-stop in 2024. Keep walking around the outfield to Section 144 and find Coop de Ville's all-new chicken biscuit! This is already my go-to stop in the stadium, but adding on a flaky biscuit and house pickles to their already incredible chicken is going to be even better.
Yeah, you read that right. Cannonball Burger (Section 146) is adding a sweet version of this Pittsburgh staple, starting with sweet cheese stuffed dumplings and smothering them in chocolate sauce and powdered sugar. If it's a hit, expect sweet pierogi to start popping up all over the city!
Left FieldThis newly remodeled barbecue stand is named after former Pirates catcher Manny Sanguillen, who has been known to hang around and sign autographs for fans. Eagle-eyed snack connoisseurs will note the new addition of the topped Mrs. T's mini pierogis you can get with either BBQ pork or chickenOn the menu: house smoked BBQ pork and chicken, mac n cheese, topped mini pierogis, slaw
Right FieldTwo local Pittsburgh restaurants (Coop De Ville and Station) helped inspire the menus at these spots, and both are located right near seats and tables along the outfield wall to sit and enjoy your meal.On the menu: Nashville hot chicken sandwich, double ranch burgers, big mozz cheese sticks, plant burgers
Section 132Be sure to take advantage of all the new improvements in this section of the ballpark. The tech here allows you to get everything delicious here in one place, with kiosks to order from one central location and get your crab fries, ballpark burgers and more.On the menu: Chickie's & Pete's Crabfries (get extra cheese, dipping these things gets addictive), burgers
Section 108You can't go wrong with a Primanti's sandwich piled high with fresh deli meats and cheeses and topped off with French fries and cole slaw. A true Pittsburgh classic. Just around the corner from this booth is Wings & Things by Caliente, another regional favorite selling buckets of fresh wings and boneless wings.First-timers read this: The Pitts-Burger is the go-to order here, which will be a ground beef patty, coleslaw and fries all piled on freshly-baked white bread.
Center FieldIt's easy to find good beer throughout the park (North Country's Fireman's Red is my go-to during game day), but the Bullpen Bar specifically features the flavors brewed right here in the city including rotating favorites from Threadbare, Cinderlands, Aslin and other top-notch pours.
Try something on the healthier side at this grab-and-go space. The quinoa salad is a filling and delicious alternative to hot dogs and loaded with peppers, tomatoes and a balsamic dressing.
Sections 135 and 137For me, hot dogs are the quintessential ballpark food. Find the best in the park as you head to the bottom of the rotunda in left field and head towards center field.On the menu: chili, classic and Chicago-style dogs inspired by local Smallman Street Deli
Behind Section 106Treat yourself to a helmet cookie sundae, served just as it says with a fresh baked cookie on top of ice cream in a souvenir helmet sundae bowl. No Pittsburgh home is complete without a few of these on hand.
Sections 113-114, 123, 313, 304Already a fan favorite at other Pittsburgh stadiums, Caliente Pizza & Draft House is serving up giant slices of Sicilian, pepperoni and cheese pizza to fans at PNC Park. Find them throughout the ballpark at concessions sections in sections 113-114, 123, 313 and 304. Plus, they also now run the Wings & Things stand next to Primantis for your fix of giant buckets of mouthwatering wings.
Bottom of the left field rotundaEasily the best kept secret in the park right now, but one I'm happy to share. Head to the bottom of the left field rotunda, keep walking around to the back of the structure and grab the best beer in the park direct from Cinderlands.Cans Available: Raise It, Squish, Lil Cinder Lime, Full Squish
If these aren't enough for you, check out these unique offerings at PNC Park, or head to a ball game soon for great baseball and a smorgasbord of food choices! What is your favorite food to eat during a Pirates game?
A Culinary Tour of PNC Park | A Food Map of the Ballpark                                
My Top 10 Favorite Things to Do on Pirates Game Day                                
Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park115 Federal St., PNC Park at the North Shore
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212