​Pittsburgh is not only defined by its skyline and its sports teams, but also by its 90 vibrant and welcoming neighborhoods.
With 90 charming, unique neighborhoods, Pittsburgh is a city of multitudes that guarantees the perfect place for you to shop, dine, hang out and explore no matter your interests or lifestyle. From the hip and trendy to quiet and secluded, the perfect neighborhood(s) are waiting for you to discover.
You'll also love the culture and the friendly feel Pittsburgh's neighborhoods have to offer. The rich history of the city has shaped these neighborhoods into their own distinct personalities. 
Mt. Washington has the view to beat all views. USA Weekend magazine named it one of the top 10 most beautiful views in the country. In the heart of it all, Downtown gives you your fill of city hustle and bustle, a 14-block Cultural District, public art, extraordinary dining and outdoor parks and plazas. Pittsburgh's neighborhoods are as wonderful and distinctive as its people and they're waiting to welcome you!
Looking to deep dive into a particular Pittsburgh neighborhood? Read up on our latest in the Neighborhood Guide blog series which consists of detailed looks of what to do, where to eat and the history of some of Pittsburgh's trendiest, important and up-and-coming spots.
Check back as new guides are posted each month and this section continues to grow!
Ascend to spectacular views of our city, discover incredible dining spaces and explore landmarks and parks.
Find 20+ of our favorite places to eat Downtown and how to pair your meal with a show at our star-studded Cultural District.
Join us on a walk around this shop and restaurant filled block then explore Point State Park, PPG Place and more just a short walk away.
This handy guide for college students doubles as your insider's guide to Oakland's incredible museums, parks and nearby neighborhoods.
Discover a foodie heaven bursting with local flavor from street food to internationally acclaimed restaurants.
The story of an industrial mill town reimagined with fantastic breweries, local shopping and community festivals.
We take you on the Homewood Experience arts and culture walk through this predominantly Black neighborhood and discover rich history and the path forward.
As every neighborhood around it modernizes, Bloomfield stays true to its roots with authentic cuisine, community festivals and chain-free shopping you'll be charmed by.
Find hidden gems, classic entertainment, trendy music venues and more in the hippest part of town.
If you're in the North Shore, you're likely visiting for a big game or concert in our stadium district. So this guide helps you find pre-game fun at bars, restaurants, shopping and…
This former five-block-long produce facility has transformed into a destination you'll need an entire day to enjoy!
Must-see museums. The National Aviary. World-class concert venues. Dining for all ages. The North Shore is a one-stop shop for trips with little ones.
A look at the signature festival that helps define what makes our Deutschtown neighborhood so special
See below for a list of all 90 unique neighborhoods that make up Pittsburgh.
Click any of the links to explore things to do, places to eat and more in that neighborhood. More neighborhood guides are being developed each month.