=section_start=
=section name="Little Italy Days Event Dates"
Region's Largest Heritage Festival
Celebrating Our Roots & Supporting Bloomfield Businesses
2024 Dates:
- THURSDAY AUGUST 15, 5:00PM-9:00PM 
- FRIDAY AUGUST 16, NOON-9:00PM 
- SATURDAY AUGUST 17, NOON-9:00PM 
- SUNDAY AUGUST 18, NOON-5:00PM

4 Days • 3 Packed Stages • Over 30 Acts!
All Italian...All Spectacular...All Free!

Get The VIP Experience!
$19.95 for one, $34.95 for two VIP Experience Includes:
1 Little Italy Days T-Shirt
1 Slice of Pizza from Caliente Pizza
1 Bottle of water
VIP Restroom Access
Access to VIP tent for seating near main stage and to relax with shelter from the sun.

Location:In Pittsburgh, PA on Liberty avenue in Bloomfield. From Ella St. to Gross St.

In Partnership

We are pleased to support Bloomfield Alliance, Bloomfield Business Network, Bloomfield Citizens Council, and Bloomfield Development Corporation.

Parking & Seating
Please do not park in the permitted residential parking spaces in Bloomfield, respect the limited parking available for residents. Also, you will be ticketed. Use one of these options.
Limited seating is available, bring lawn chairs to be sure of getting a seat.

Italians vs. Irish Celebrity Bocce Tournament
The Italians continued their winning streak for a third straight year! Come and see who takes the trophy home for 2023!

Celebrity Bocce Challenge - Politicians and media personalities compete on the bocce court!
Little Italy Days Bocce Tournament – Our annual tournament will be held on Saturday and Sunday. If you’d like to enter a team, reach out to Corrado or Adam at littleitalydaysbocce@gmail.com or 412-480-5918/412-600-5702 for details. The entry fee is $150 per team. The tournament will be double elimination and begins at 10 AM on Saturday morning and continues Sunday morning at 9AM. Teams must arrive by 9:30AM Saturday for bracket drawing, no exceptions.The bocce court is located on Cedarville Street next to the Pleasure Bar.

Miss Little Italy Pagaent
The Miss Little Italy is a family-oriented festival pageant, celebrating a special Bloomfield tradition. Contestants DO NOT need to be of Italian heritage or reside in the city of Pittsburgh. Event Fee: $35.00 for first child. Includes a participation gift for all. Miss Little Italy Winners receive a crown, sash & flowers.
=section_end=

=section_start=
=section name="Little Italy Days Parking Information"
Important Information – Parking – Street Closures & More


Info Tent & Portajohns
INFO TENT is located next to First National Bank at Cedarville & Liberty

PORTAJOHNS are located at each intersection along the festival footprint

View map of portajohn locations


Parking
FREE Parking at UPMC Luna Garage, Enter through back entrance at bottom of Gross St near Cypress St…Saturday 12:00pm-9:00pm and Sunday 12:00pm-5:00pm. Parking courtesy of UPMC
FREE Parking at UPMC Aiken Ave garage, Center Ave garage, and UPMC Urgent Care lot on Baum Blvd Saturday and Sunday courtesy of UPMC
FREE PARKING at Garage at Liberty & Aspen Saturday & Sunday courtesy of West Penn Hospital
PAID PARKING at the lot at 718 State Way
PAID PARKING at Cedarville & Taylor St. lots Thursday through Sunday
VENDOR PARKING behind St. Maria Goretti on pearl in lot NEXT to church lot, vendor parking also at St. Maria Goretti lot on Edmond St behind PNC Bank Saturday and Sunday
There are other free and paid parking spaces around the festival footprint.


Street Closures
Starting Wednesday, August 14 at 6:00pm PARKING SPOTS on Liberty from Ella St. to Winebiddle St. will be closed, street will be open.

Saturday, August 17 10:00am until Sunday, August 18 8:00pm:
•Liberty Ave. will be closed from Taylor St. to Gross St.

Closed throughout the festival (Thursday, August 15 – Sunday, August 18):
• Saphire Way • Pearl St. – next to Citizen’s Bank from Liberty to Corday Way & next to First National Bank • Garnet Way • Cedarville St. – next to the Pleasure Bar from Liberty to Corday Way • State Way • Edmond St. – next to PNC from Liberty to Corday Way

Taylor St., Mathilda St. and Millvale Ave. will remain open
Detours will be clearly marked on street signage


Dogs
We don’t recommend bringing dogs because of the size and density of the crowd, both for the safety of your pet and the attendees. Of course service dogs are always welcome.


Biking
Bikes can be locked to the parking lot fence on Liberty Ave between Gross and Winebiddle.
On Thursday & Friday we strongly encourage cyclists to use the vehicle detours. If you choose to ride through Liberty Ave., you will have to share lanes with vehicles.
Liberty Ave. will be closed Saturday & Sunday.
Healthy Ride Bike Share has 3 stations in Bloomfield and Bike Pittsburgh has maps and other resources for cyclists.


Alternative Transportation
Leave the car at home and take alternative transportation to the festival!
Uber & Lyft are great ways to avoid the hassle of parking at Little Italy Days.
The Port Authority of Allegheny County will have 5 convenient alternative bus routes near Liberty ave.
=section_end=
=section_start=
=section name="Little Italy Days Event Schedule"
Entertainment Schedule

Thursday, August 15
Mini of Pittsburgh & First National Bank Stage at Cedarville & Liberty
5:30pm Tony Guarino - Singing Sinatra and other Italian hits
6:00pm Celebrity Bocce Tournament - Pittsburgh politicians Irish vs Italians plus Pittsburgh media/entertainment personalities 

Friday, August 16
Mini of Pittsburgh & First National Bank Stage at Cedarville & Liberty
5:30pm John Vento's Italian Invasion - Performing a variety of hits featuring excellent vocalists
7:30pm Best Pizza in Bloomfield Competition - Featuring Angelo's Pizzeria, Caliente Pizza & Draft House, and Pizza Italia

Saturday, August 17
Mini of Pittsburgh & First National Bank Stage at Cedarville & Liberty
12:00pm John Lupone - Italian opera vocalist
2:30pm Mirella the Musician - Authentic Italian Accordionist
5:30pm The Cavaliers - Playing Italian-American hits
Froggy's Stage at Taylor & Liberty
12:00pm Untamed - All-female trio with excellent harmonies
3:00pm Pizza Acrobatics - 2x World Champion Matt Hickey of Caliente Pizza & Draft House
4:00pm The Nation's #1 Earth, Wind & Fire Tribute Band - Let's Groove Tonight
7:00pm Fleetwood Mac Tribute Band Silver Springs
First Commonwealth Stage at Gross & Liberty
12:00pm Miss Little Italy Pagaent 
2:30pm Magic Moments - Pittsburgh's #1 Oldies Band
6:00pm Jerry DeMaria with the Pittsburgh Festival Opera - Singing Italian songs, Sinatra, Dean Martin, Louis Prima and more! 

Sunday, August 18
Mini of Pittsburgh Stage at Cedarville & Liberty
12:00pm Joni Marie- Soprano vocalist of Opera
1:30pm Allegro Dance Company - Dance instructor Anna Harsh from Southern Italy teaching interactive Tarantella dance workshop
2:30pm Jackie Hooper Duo - Performing Italian hits
Froggy's Stage at Taylor & Liberty
12:00pm Elias Khouri - Talented young singer and guitarist
2:30pm America’s #1 Jacksons Tribute Band Dancing Machine - Performing the music of Michael, Janet, and the Jackson 5
First Commonwealth Stage at Gross & Liberty
12:00pm East End Kids - Pittsburgh's premiere teen song & dance ensemble
1:30pm Mojo Hand - High-energy band with killer grooves
Accordionist Hank Edwardo strolling throughout the event
=section_end=

=section_start=
=section name="Little Italy Days History"

About Us
 
Little Italy Days started in 2002 to celebrate Bloomfield’s Italian heritage, and create a destination spot for Italian-themed entertainment and food. The event has grown through the years and is now lasts four days.
Sal Richetti, who was born and raised in Bloomfield has produced the event since 2012. Sal grew up in Bloomfield, attended Immaculate Conception grade school and Central Catholic High School. He is a local musician who has been performing for over 30 years in the tri-state area, and is the owner of Big Day Entertainment, located in the Strip District, since 1995. He is no stranger to the festival, having booked the entertainment in previous years. In 2013 he expanded it to four days. Previously, the event was always held in September, since 2013 it has mooved to August. “I wanted to give vendors more opportunity with the longer daylight, additionally; there is less chance of cold weather”
“I am excited and honored to produce this community oriented event in the community where I was born and raised. I want to be able to produce Little Italy Days so the businesses can benefit from the large crowds and everyone else including residents, organizations, schools and churches can become involved.”
Sponsors of Little Italy Days include Official Sponsors – Highmark & Allegheny Health Network, Stage Sponsor – Rohrich Shadyside Honda. Additional Sponsors include UPMC Shadyside, Children’s Hospital of UPMC, PNC Bank, First National Bank, Mascaro, Pittsburgh Brewing Co. First Commonwealth Bank and Froggy’s.
=section_end=
