=section_start=
=section name="Picklesburgh 2024"
--------------------------------------------------
Title: Picklesburgh 2024
Date & Time: July 18 - July 21, 2024
Location: No location specified
Description: This annual festival showcases Downtown Pittsburgh and is designed to have broad appeal across the Greater Pittsburgh community including young adults, suburban families, and small-town citizens. Picklesburgh™ is brought to you by The Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership (PDP), the non-profit organization behind some of Pittsburgh’s most successful, popular, and imaginative events including; Highmark Light Up Night®, the Market Square Farmers Market, Friday & Saturday Night Markets, and the Peoples Gas Holiday Market™ among many others.
Stay around for happy hour!

Specialty cocktails are available 4:30 – 9:30 p.m. on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday and 12:00 – 5:00 p.m. on Sunday
Food, beer, and other beverages are available all hours of the festival.
Vendors:
Vendor	Description	Location
After Dark Illustrations	Spooky pickle jar stickers that glow in the dark and a Picklesburgh balloon print are among the hand-drawn Pittsburgh-themed illustrations come to life on prints, pins, coasters, and puzzles .	Market Square
Amanda Lee Glassware	Shop local and handpainted glassware for all occassions! The classic Steel City collection will be customized with a pickle above the skyline!	Market Square
Armen's Barrels	Florena Dill Vodka and Pickle Vodka are among the offerings from this award winning distillery that will be also be offering a Cucumber Dill Chilller during Happy Hour	Block 3
Bridge City Brinery	If you loved their pickle tots, then you'll be hooked on their new pickle cheesesteak! Wash it down during Happy Hour with their John Dilly Pickle Palmer or their peach pickle palmer lemonade made with peach whiskey.	Block 2
Bumbleberry Farms	Sweet and sour come together for their Picklesburgh signature offerings: two mini pickle flavors, both made with real honey. Try the Sweet + Sassy pickles for a spicy kick! Plus specialty honeys and award-winning honey cream spreads.	Block 1
Burgatory	Indulge in the Burgatory's mouth-watering smash burger made with a triple pickle sauce and pickled relish, and pair it with pickle-dusted house-fried potato chips. Beat the heat with a pickled strawberry milkshake or the pickled strawberry and cherry shrub cocktails!	Block 1
Bylers Relish House	A plethera of pickled options straight from the farm made with the freshest vegetables in small batches using time-tested traditional recipes.	Block 2
Chocolate Moonshine Co.	More than 30 flavors of gourmet fudge, including--you guessed it--pickle! Indulge in over 8 different pickle fudge flavors, plus chocolate-covered pickle spears and pickles on a stick, all made with world-famous Belgian chocolate.	Block 2
Chris Dieghan Art	Prepare to be captivated by stunningly detailed drawings reflecting the intricate art of pickling, as well as Pittsburgh's iconic steel industry and sports history	Market Square
Cinnaroast	You'll go nuts choosing between pickled peanuts, or the sweet taste of cinnamon-roasted almonds, pecans, and cashews.	PPG Plaza
Cinnaroast & Pickle Pirate	You'll go nuts choosing between pickled peanuts, or the sweet taste of cinnamon-roasted almonds, pecans, and cashews. Get a kick out of their crowd-favorite Kool-Aid pickles!	Block 1
Confleurtti	Elevate your Picklesburgh 'fit with a Pickle and condiment crowns from Confleurtti, a Pittsburgh-based floral mercantile. Plus find pickle-themed handmade jewelry, and adorable stickers.	Market Square
Copper Coast Confections	Creative sweets from Pittsburgh's premiere artisan fudge company including chocolate covered pickle caramels, spicy pickle fudge, pickle fudgesicles, and even Belgian chocolate pickle popper truffles!	Block 1; Market Square
Country Hammer Moonshine	No prohibition here with jars of locally made moonshines including tangy dill pickle moonshine. Sip a boozy pickle margarita or dill pickle Bloody Mary during festival happy hours.	Block 1
Crooked Creek Distillery	Local craft distillery offering limited release pickle themed spirits including Dill Moonshine Infusion and Cucumber Lemon Dill Vodka as well as pickled and non-pickled cocktails.	Block 2
Cute as a Dumpling	A collection of handcrafted pickle, pierogi, and ketchup designs on pins, hair ties, ornaments, and exclusive small bags.	Block 1
DiAnoia's Eatery	Pickle riffs on menu items from one of Pittsburgh's most respected restaurants. Enjoy pickled pepperoni rolls, meatballs, and cannolis, or cool off with a pickled aperol spritz, negroni, or limencello spritz during happy hours!	Block 3
Dina colada	Come quench your thirst at this popular drink stand with pickle lemonade, slushies, virgin pickle margaritas and more tasty beverages.	PPG Plaza
Doc Pickle	Third generation family owned pickle company serving sour pickles, olives, pickled peppers and veggies!	Block 1
Ekernally Yours Gourmet Popcorn & Sweet Treats	This local favorite brings you a full menu of dill pickled, hot pickled, or bread & butter kettle corn as well as fresh-squeezed pickle-ade and pickled Hawaiian ice.	PPG Plaza
Excise Distillery	This craft distillery offers a variety of pickle vodka, adult pickle slushies, and pickle cocktails during happy hours.	PPG Plaza
fl.2 Fairmont	Discover the irresistible short rib poutine: pickle fries, pearl onions, short rib, and a decadent veal jus. Pair it with the tantalizing fried pickles with zesty pickled chipotle aioli, or wash it down with a pickled mojito cocktail.	Block 3
Gone Glacier	Experience the satisfying crunch of freeze-dried pickles and an assortment of jellies and snacks.	Block 2
Gosia's Pierogies	Peter Piper picked a peck of pickle and potato pierogies! Try a pickle twist on these old-world favorites or dig into authentic traditional flavors.	Block 1
Grandpa Joe's Candy Shop	Kids of all ages will love pickle cotton candy, pickle saltwater taffy, pickle craft soda, pickle flavored gummies and Kool Aid-soaked pickle spears!	Block 2
Hawaiian Honey Cones	Heat have you beat? Cool down with a Hawaiian Honey Cone with freeze dried pickle topping or Hawaiian Pickled Pineapple ice cream!	Village Park
Heinz History Center	This beloved Pittsburgh museum will carry countless official Heinz pickle and ketchup themed products!	Wood St.
Hyeholde Restaurant	Indulge in a BBQ pulled pork or BBQ beef sandwich, and pair it with bread & butter pickle potato salad! Elevate your experience with a refreshing cocktail: Smoke on the Watermelon is made with Mezcal and Pickled Watermelon, and the Peach Treaty is made with Gin and Pickled Peach Puree!	PPG Plaza
Iron Born Pizza	Serving up irresistable Pickle Pie Slices and house fried chips paired with tangy Pickle Dip. Satisfy your cravings with their mouthwatering Pepperoni Pizza Slices, perfect for any pizza lover.	PPG Plaza
Jackiedrazart	Crocheted stuffed friends for all ages! Take home an emotional support pickle, pierogi companion, or a dippy egg buddy. Check out the shop on social media @jackiedrazart!	Block 1
Jenny Lee	The Baker Family is coming to Picklesburgh, and they're bringing their fan-favorite sweet and savory swirl breads. Savor a bite of their exclusive Gherkin Grilled Cheese sandwich: two buttered-up slices of their famous Garlic & Herb savory bread with Swiss cheese and pickles from Eerie-based Flippin’ Pickles.	Block 1; Market Square
Jersey Pickle	Enjoy a variety of Pickles, Olives and Pickled Vegatables from Jersey Pickle!	Block 2
Junction Pizza	Pickle pizza and cheesy pickle breadsticks made fresh on site!	Block 2
Koreyinz	Enjoy a refreshing Pickle Boba Drink with Pickle-flavord boba!	
Lake Erie Variety	Shop laser-engraved, intricate, pickle-themed home decor, including coasters, maps, charcuterie & cutting boards, ornaments, wood decor signs, engraved tumblers, and magnets.	
Le's Oriental	Pickle twists on Asian favorites including the highly addictive pickle stuffed eggrolls, and kim-chi, and chicken on a stick!	Block 2
Le's Oriental Lemonade		Village Park
Peace, Love & Pickles	Original handmade pickle-themed tote bags, pickle key chains, pickle jewelry, pickle Stanleys, pickle scrunchies, and more!	Block 1
Linda Barnicott Art & Gifts	All things pickled and Pittsburgh! Shop for themed prints, mugs, bookmarks, ornaments, note cards and gifts!	Block 1
Little Athens	Dig into fan favorites like the classic gyro with a special pickle tzatziki or indulge in their new potato chip and dill chocolate confections!	Market Square
Local Provisions	Handheld delights including a kimchi hot dog, fried pickles with Heinz ranch dressing, Weiss Meats deli pickles, and creative cocktails during happy hours including Tickle My Pickle and refreshing Pickle-rita.	Block 3
Mancini's	Local bakery featuring their brand new Pepperoni Roll! The PGH Roll with pickle chips and chipped ham will return to Picklesburgh with an upgrade: The PGH Roll 2.0 features Silver Star cheesy Bratwurst and pickled cabbage, all wrapped in an Iron City Beer roll.	PPG Plaza
McLaughlin Distillery	Explore the bold flavors of McLaughlin Distillery, offering a enticing lineup including Pickle Moonshine, Jalapeno Moonshine, Bourbon, Whiskey, Vodka, and Limoncello.	Block 2
Meat & Potatoes	Indulge in savory smoked brisket and chicken sandwiches, adorned with tangy pickled BBQ sauce. Elevate your experience with a customizable Giardiniera Bar, complemented by special offerings like a Jim Beam Peach Highball with pickled peach and refreshing Agua Frescas featuring pickled watermelon and cucumber.	Block 3
Millie's Homemade Ice Cream	A Pittsburgh success story ice-cream spot returns to Picklesburgh with Pickle Gelato, Pickled Fruit Ice Cream, and other classic favorites.	PPG Plaza
Over Eden	Culinary innovation meets pickled perfection! Enjoy a variety of flavors from Pickle Hummus with house-made pickles and crudité, Pickled Jalapeno Poppers with cream cheese and bacon, Pickle Focaccia with fermented dough and bacon jam, and Pickle Birria Tacos with short rib and pickled onions!	Block 2
Patti's Pastries	Indulge in tasty delights like the crowd-favorite "DILLY DILLY DILLICIOUS," blending vanilla cake with dill pickles, or the "Death By Chocolate" with Double Chocolate Stout and sauerkraut. They also have gluten-friendly options!	Wood St.
Pickle Me Pete	Pickles straight from the Big Apple serving up their Famous Fried Pickles on a Stickle and a sampler pickle flight.	Block 3
Pittsburgh Mobile Bars	Choose from mocktails or happy hour cocktails that pair perfectly with anything pickled, including strawberry basil, dill lemonade, raspberry shrub, or a jalepeno limeade.	Block 1
Pittsburgh Pickle Co.	A hometown success-story, this family-owned business is dedicated to crafting the finest pickles, and even has a patent for their one-of-a-kind Crow Cut pickle slice. Pucker up for their wide range of flavors.	Block 2
Pittsburgh Pottery	Outrageous pickle mugs, pickle magnets, pickle ornaments, pickle bowls, pickle plates, and pickle platters. Quirky Pittsburgh-themed ceramics as well.	Block 1
Popped Envy Gourmet Popcorn	Along with their classic flavors, there will be 5 dill-icious pickle popcorns to pick from! All their popcorn is gluten-free, egg-free, tree nut, and peanut-free. They will have 5 delicious flavors of gourmet lemonade as well!	
PopWorld	Experience the bold and refreshing flavors of PopWorld's unique Picklesicles! Enjoy the tangy Chilly Dill, the sweet and zesty Watermelon Pop with pickled watermelon rind, and the spicy kick of a Cold and Spicy pickled vegetable pop.	Market Square
Pretzel Revolution	Featuring their Old Bay Buffalo Chicken & Pickle stuffed pretzel, Pickled Cheese Dog pretzels, and Baby Dill Stuffed Pretzels. So many fresh baked twists!	Block 2; PPG Plaza
PSquare Scents	Discover the exclusive scents of PSquare Scents, from Jagoff candles to Pickle Chip soaps, all meticulously handcrafted to bring a touch of Pittsburgh's pickling heritage into your home. Indulge in their eclectic range, featuring everything from Dill Pickle bath bombs to Pickled Watermelon incense, perfect for those who relish in the unexpected.	Block 1
Shorty's	This local favorite is serving up a PBLT made with house-baked pickle foccacia and sweet pickle aioli. The menu will also feature pickled queso with chips and a pickle back cocktail or pickled mango margarita.	Block 1
Songbird Artistry	Hand-crafted pickle-themed jewelry, pickle stickers, pickle magnets, pickle earrings, and other dill-lightful gifts!	Block 1
Sr. Swirly	Experience flavorful creations at Sr. Swirly with their signature Swirled Pickles, perfectly battered and fried for a crunchy, tangy treat, complemented by refreshing Pickle Juice Limeade and more.	Block 2
Sweet T Shirt Co	Shop 8 different graphic t-shirts with catchy pickle-themed sayings and waterproof vinyl stickers of pickles. This year will also feature pickle baby onesies!	Block 1
The I'Dill Pickle	Featuring bacon-wrapped pickles, cheese-stuffed pickles and the Meat Monster - a hot dog inside a pickle, wrapped in bacon. Wash it down with a non-alcoholic Limeade with a Pickle Twist.	Block 2
The Neighborgoods	Fun-loving pickle and food-themed products include tote bags, dish towels, aprons, pins and other screen printed gifts.	Block 1
The Pickled Chef	Family owned, chef driven small business that makes to-order gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches using Dill Pickle Relish and a bacon grilled cheese using Apple Maple Bourbon Jam. Shop their 7 varieties of fresh pickle snacks!	Block 3
Tommy's Jerky On The Road	Enjoy the highest-quality jerky and meat sticks in a huge range of flavors! Special pickle products like dill flavored jerky and dill sticks.	Village Park
Turner's	A Pittsburgh institution offers up a Picklesburgh exclusive with Pickled Iced Tea! Quench your thirst with the official Ice Tea of Pickleburgh along with other traditional ice tea and lemonade beverages.	Block 1
Two Acre Farm and The Brinery	Try an array of specialty pickles including flavors like Steel City Habanero, Nashville Hot, and Peach Maple Bourbon Smash, available in whole pickles, 8 oz. cups, and flight boxes. For a sweet twist, try chocolate-covered pickles or Mexican Street Corn pickles!	PPG Plaza
Wigle Whiskey	Picklesburgh inspired Eau de Pickle and City of Champions Bourbon available for sale!	PPG Plaza
Wild Bills Craft Beverage Co.	High-quality sodas on tap, flavors like birch beer, root beer, black cherry, sarsaparilla, etc.! Order it in a collectible stainless steel pickle mug and enjoy unlimited daily refills. Try their limited-edition pickle soda!	Wood St.
YinzLidz	Pickle-themed koozies, hats, cutting boards, tumblers, and other awesome items!	Block 1
Yuzu Kitchen	Asian fare with a pickled twist from a Downtown favorite! Pickled edamame, Szechuan Spicy wontons with pickled chilis, a pickled sampler, or Kimchi nachos with pickled veggies!	Block 1

Music schedules:

Two music stages located at Stanwix & Boulevard and Smithfield & Boulevard will be programmed open to close each day of the festival.

Thursday, July 18

Stanwix St. Stage

12:00 - 1:00pm	Nick Guckert
1:30 - 2:30pm	Jay Wiley
3:00 - 4:30pm	The Chris Casalinuovo Band
5:00 - 6:00pm	Casey Catone
6:30 - 8:30pm	Mean Blue Planets
9:00 - 10:00pm	The Polkamaniacs
Smithfield St. Stage

12:00 - 1:00 pm	Melina Bowser feat. Dave Schmiech
1:30 - 2:30 pm	Pickle Mafia
3:00 - 4:00 pm	Pioneer Records - The Pit Crew
4:30 - 5:30 pm	Caleb Kopta
6:00 - 7:00 pm	Megan Paullet
7:30 - 8:30 pm	Michael Christopher Band
9:00 - 10:00 pm	The Conspiracy Theory
Friday, July 19

Stanwix St. Stage

12:00 - 1:00 pm	Kelley Jeanne
1:30 - 2:30 pm	Elias Khouri
3:00 - 4:00 pm	Echoes on Water
4:30 - 5:30 pm	The Altered Egos
6:00 - 7:00 pm	MASON. & Mr. Business
7:30 - 8:30 pm	Full Fat
9:00 - 10:00 pm	Franchise Band
Smithfield St. Stage

12:00 - 1:00 pm	Project Banjo
1:30 - 2:30 pm	Max Rosen
3:00 - 4:00 pm	Big Blitz
4:30 - 5:30 pm	This-That & The Other Thing
6:00 - 7:00 pm	Zinnia's Garden
7:30 - 8:30 pm	Miss Freddye's Blues Band
9:00 - 10:00 pm	Pennsoulvanians
Saturday, July 20

Stanwix St. Stage

12:00 - 1:00 pm	Anne Eliza
1:30 - 2:30 pm	The Redlines
3:00 - 4:00 pm	Paging Doctor Moon
4:30 - 5:30 pm	Chillhouse
6:00 - 7:00 pm	Justin Fabus
7:30 - 8:30 pm	The Appalachian Soul Man Aristotle Jones
9:00 - 10:00 pm	Pickup Line
Smithfield St. Stage

12:00-1:00 pm	Jessica Bella Band
1:30-2:30 pm	William Matheny
3:00-4:00 pm	Pioneer Records - James the Seventh
4:30-5:30 pm	NASH.V.ILL
6:00-7:00 pm	Koz
7:30-8:30 pm	JVK
9:00-10:00 pm	Darin Dinapoli
Sunday, July 21

Stanwix St. Stage

12:00 - 1:00 pm	Come September
1:30 - 2:30 pm	Pierce Dipner Band
3:00 - 4:00 pm	Whitley Jean
4:30 - 6:00 pm	The Flow Band
Smithfield St. Stage

12:15 - 1:45 pm	Zen Strings
2:15 - 3:45 pm	The Right TurnClyde
4:15 - 5:45 pm	Soulful Femme


Gherkin Games:
This year, dare dill-vils from across the land competed for a shot at gherkin glory in three heart pounding events

Preliminary heats took take place on Friday, July 19 and Saturday, July 20, culminating in championships on Sunday, July 21. The winning champion of each event relished their victory with $500 in grand prize money, a life-like pickle trophy, and—most importantly—a “royal” title fitting of their pickle prowess.

Congrats to our 2024 Champions!
champions 2024: 
- EARL OF EATING(DEVOURING 3LBS OF PICKLES IN 3 MINS!): MIKE ARCURAGI, PORTAGE MICHIGAN
- DUKE OF DRINKING(CHUGGING A QUART OF JUICE IN 5.91 SECONDS): RYAN THOMPSON, LITITZ, PA
- BARON OF BOBBING(BOBBING 6.34 LBS OF PICKLES): ASHTON BURGESS, BIVERFIELD, WV 

Pickle Juice Drinking

Quench your thirst for brine in this test of speed and fermented fortitude. Whoever can chug a quart (32 fl oz.) of Pittsburgh Pickle Company’s Picklexir the fastest will be deemed the winner of their round and vie for the title of Duke of Drinking in the championship on Sunday.


Pickle Eating – New!

Only stomachs of steel will prevail in this new contest category! Whoever eats the most pickles by weight in five minutes (‘chipmunking’ is allowed) will win their round and earn a spot in the final, where the Earl of Eating, first of their name, will be crowned.

Bobbing for Pickles – New!

No hands are allowed in this pickled take on the peculiar party pastime. Whoever can retrieve the most pickles by weight in 90 seconds using only their mouth will win the round and face-off in the finals to become Picklesburgh’s first Baron of Bobbing!

All contestants must be 18 years of age or older.
All contestants will initially be selected through the pre-registration process.
Contestants may complete only one registration form per event – duplicate entries in the same event will not be counted.
All contestants must complete a waiver of liability and publicity release on-site the day of the contest.
Contestants may only compete in one preliminary round of each game.
Contestants will receive an email confirming their assigned round time and further details.
Assigned competition slots are non-transferrable. If you can no longer participate, please let us know.
There will be preliminary rounds held each day of the event and a final championship round held on the final day of the event. The winners of each preliminary round will be required to return to the festival to compete in the championship round on Sunday, July 21.
Contestants must arrive at the assigned check-in area (included in their acceptance email) no later than 30 minutes prior to their assigned competition round or they forfeit their time slot.
Any forfeited/open slots will be randomly assigned to on-site walk-ups, which are open to any eligible adult.
The raffle for any open/forfeited slots will occur 15 minutes prior to each round. Interested contestants must be present during the raffle to be eligible for that round. Raffle drawings and assignments are final and up to the judges’ discretion.
Contestants who lose their assigned or raffled round may enter the walk-up raffle to compete again, but they are not guaranteed any additional competition rounds.
Organizers reserve the right to assign, reserve, remove, and reschedule competition slots as well as cancel anyone’s individual participation in any round. These decisions are non-negotiable and final.
Any unsportsmanlike conduct is grounds for immediate disqualification and removal from the contest at the discretion of the contest judges.
The winner will be determined by judges appointed by the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership.
The judges’ decisions are final and non-contestable.
Rules, eligibility, times, and prizes are subject to change without notice at the discretion of the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership.

Li’l Gherkins KidsPlay Activity Area:
Stop by the Li’l Gherkins KidsPlay Activity Area with your li’l gherkins. Enjoy free coloring pages, decorate pickle necklaces, and make puppets to take home!

KidsPlay Hours:

Friday – Saturday 12 – 8 p.m.

Sunday 12 – 6 p.m.
Li’l Gherkins Activity Area Guidelines:

Li’l gherkins must be accompanied by an adult, and adults must be accompanied by a li’l gherkin
One craft per child, ages 14 and under
No food or beverages at the craft table
Please park your stroller outside of the tent



Media Inquiries

Members of the media may direct questions to:

Richard Hooper,
Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership
rhooper@downtownpittsburgh.com

Deana Lorenzo,
Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership
dlorenzo@downtownpittsburgh.com
--------------------------------------------------
=section_end=
